CHUNK 0 - CONTAINS TARGET PHRASE
Character range: 0 - 114,480
Size: 114,480 characters
================================================================================

FULL CHUNK TEXT:
================================================================================
You're not lying the real estate because they want to live in it.  But like most of the people who are applying assets at some point want to sell the assets  out of profit.  People, people, people that use CO, currency as a store of value we call them we pour,  we call them we pour, people that use CO, currency, we call them we pour, we call them we pour,  We call them the poor.  We call them the poor.  There's a name for.  We call them the poor.  We call them the poor.  All righty folks.  Welcome back to episode eight of the Bitcoin dive bar with Tim B and B Scars.  I am Tim B. I'm accompanied with my buddy B Scars.  First off we'll hit the sponsors.  This shows brought to you by strategy and Michael Sailor, similar scientific as well  as Cours Light.  It is five p.m. somewhere.  All right B Scars, we're about an hour late to the show.  Where were you?  The people want to know.  I always lived.  Full confession.  I always lived by a bed and have my set up right.  I've been living on Easton Standard Time so I wake up during the night and I sleep during  the day and unfortunately it's day for me but I'm going to do better Tim.  Okay.  I don't know if you're going to do better but I believe it.  We have 51 viewers in the Twitter, thank you guys so much.  Tau in the chat, Tau in the discord, what's good.  My dog is sleeping behind me currently, Joey Bagels, I'm sure he loves that, shout out  to Joey Bagels, our number one hater.  I think we give a little more shout out to our haters, tend to our fans, they get special  call out.  That was a good space though, that was the pregame show.  I think a pregame show might be better than a post game because then you build up some  audience.  Yeah.  And then they roll over.  As long as we don't go over too much of, you know, too much of, yeah, exactly, yeah.  People joined Twitter because they're looking for spaces and Dibar is growing, it's been  fun.  Last episode was Nathan Berry, that was a G growing, come on, we are.  We are kind of growing, but the Nathan Berry episode was all times.  Oh funny, it was really great, people don't know it but people now know who Nathan Berry  is.  That's amazing.  And if anybody wants to come on, just head up, be scarce or not in DM's or you can  DM the coin to I bar Twitter and if you're cool and you want to, you have a segment, you  want to go over, you like meta planet, you like shit coins or you have a stock, you want  to talk about if you've got, or you got something funny to say, you got a little skit, hit  us up.  And Tao is in the house with this handsome look, every plan is welcome, every plan is welcome,  if you're a plan, if you're a big coiner, join, join the, or not, we give welcome shit  coiners and let's have it out, bring us your best thesis, we don't really welcome shit  coiners, but no, it depends, I guess.  I would love to have a shit coin segment where they come and we go pow pow pow and we give  them new hold, we rip them a new one, it will be awesome.  So what's up Tim, we have a sideways aren't we, like this last sad and Sunday was wild,  the weekend was going up and then down and then up and I'm thinking should I buy a renter,  should I buy a misty, should I buy a renter, should I buy a misty, what should I buy  on Monday?  The monthly up and then we've got the, now we've got the daily up and yeah it's, I mean  hopefully it's building support out here, I mean at the next level, if this is what that  is, then we're going higher, so that's good, still bullish, Tempe is still very bullish.  These scares really quick, by the way, you look wider by the minute, it's a new light,  it's a new light, I got a new light, I want to look wider so that I get more respect.  Bro, hey, we actually have people in the, on the Twitch now shout out, thank you guys for  watch, we only have a few, but that's better than zero, bro, we'll take that.  Better than zero, we'll take it.  And we're also live on YouTube, some people say that the, the Twitch in the YouTube streams  have better quality than the Twitter, I'm not sure if that's true, but either way we're  live on all three if that's what your heart desires.  I mean, I just like, I like all platforms, but there's nothing beats Twitter, nothing.  You know, in terms of our fan base or people who like to see us, and so, I have groupies,  bro, I don't know about you.  I've got a lot of haters, yeah, not so many, not so many supporters, lots of, lots of pocket  watching haters though, but I'll take the number of Asian women hitting me up on how  my trades are going, have skyrocketed, that's true, I'm just saying mine as well, thanks  to you.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, bro, I can't believe you're about to be there.  That's height.  Oh, yeah, tomorrow, I'm going to Thailand tomorrow, you guys, yeah, are you going to be on  the stream tomorrow or what?  Yeah, I'm going to be on the stream tomorrow, because my flight is in the evening, so you'll  still catch me in the morning, which is morning for me at night.  It's only a 30 minute change, so for you.  Yeah, yeah, and on Thursday, I'm going to be streaming from a pool with him in the  evening.  Same to you.  You're going to have a good connection.  Yes.  Okay.  This is not in the building.  Yeah, so they have Wi-Fi in the pool area, they have Wi-Fi in the pool area, they have  Wi-Fi in the gym, they have Wi-Fi in the, near the sauna, and if not, then I can just  stream from every amenity that I've seen.  Everywhere, yeah.  I'm going to be seeing Thailand, like you guys have never seen, and I'm going to change  your view about Thailand, because for me, I've been to Singapore, Europe, Australia,  China, Japan, and I want to say that Thailand can go head to head with any of those.  It's the best place to live.  But it's because of the cheapest for you.  That's...  No, that's not the reason.  It's not because of the cheap?  No.  No, not at all.  Not at all.  I've been to Singapore, and the, yes, so the thing is that the same quality of life  you can get in Thailand for one-third the price, and you can get in Europe, Singapore, Australia,  and America, right?  But it's the same quality.  Yes, it is the best.  But the food is, yeah, the food still gas, the, the women are still beautiful, and you  can absolutely...  Live on the cheap.  It doesn't cost an island in life.  I don't know what that was, too, but maybe about Thailand being the best.  It is the best, yeah.  So, I mean, I don't want to make this work.  It's about Thailand, but I have beaches, I have mountains, I have islands, I can, like,  you know, the city...  It's on the show, bro.  We can make it about whatever we want.  Well, it's Bitcoin, and Bitcoin's coming up.  It's on Jack, that's Bitcoin.  Ty women.  Bro, I showed one on the internet.  You did?  Do you just want to show the viewers the amount of your inbox?  That's it.  Just like, tell the seats.  Show them.  This is the amount of messages, like, ladies hitting me up.  And Nathan has a filter, bro. I set the stream to a couple of these chicks. I don't know if they will let you see this.  Oh, you did? It might be watching. Yeah. You should, you should send them the link just in case they can see.  And listen, you can show your friend, you know, your girlfriends might have a friend, a single friend for me.  So, help me do it out. Yeah. And Bitcoin's coming up in Thailand actually.  So, in Foucait, they're doing this sandbox in which basically you can pay us somewhere some shit through Bitcoin.  And they have also created bit, yeah. There you go. Oh my god. Look at that.  Jesus Christ. And it's only been three days.  Yeah. There's 54 on red messages. That's just the reds. There's a shitload of ones where I just like opened it and just...  No, thanks. No, thanks. No, thanks.  And we have the people.  So, they shouldn't be allowed to message you unless you...  They shouldn't be allowed to message unless you like them.  Why are...  That's true.  Why are these random ugly broads will able to message me? It's messed up.  I mean, I want to... I don't want a lot of people to know how amazing life is in Thailand for a bachelor or even if you're a family.  I live in an area where it's mostly retirees and families. So, there's less party, less bars, less all that noise.  And it's just awesome, you know.  And, but yeah, you stay in your western countries, pay your high taxes, pay four dollars for like six eggs and like, you know, paying four dollars for six eggs, bro.  Yeah, I see people buy that.  If you go out to eat, it's like four dollars for one egg these days, bro.  I know. Exactly. And so, you know how much I pay for buffet breakfast? Like a very good buffet breakfast.  I mean, I know about, yeah, about five dollars for like a very good buffet breakfast.  A buffet.  Yeah.  Every scenario.  Like, you know, like they're making omelettes for you with juice and cappuccino machine and all that stuff.  Yeah. And I even know one.  I know one for three dollars, which is a very nice buffet where live omelette station is just.  No, no, no, I just want people to know for reference, like how cheap it is.  I'm not, I don't do, I shouldn't, I don't do buffets.  But because I've been going there for 12 years, I just, when I go to vacation and sing up for.  Okay, okay, I'll tell you about sushi.  The authentic sushi.  Then at the beach, yeah.  So I live near the beach. My condo is right at the beach.  So there is a food market, which makes these sushi's, which is for one single sushi rule.  Not a big one is about 10 cents.  Okay, yeah.  Yeah, yeah, right?  But this is one small.  It is. So I'll tell you, it's a 35 bought for one dollar.  And I pay 10 bought for one rule, one small rule of sushi.  So how much does that make it?  If if 35 bought this is a 30 cents, sorry, so 30 cents for one rule of sushi.  And you can pick as many as you want and they have egg, fish egg,  you know, with a little bit of caviar, but the big salmon eggs, not the small caviar.  And they have one with wasabi, sorry, with crab lobster.  So all I'm saying is that you can go food markets and you can really live on the cheap  and you feel like you're not compromising.  You're eating everything.  Fried chicken, pasta, pizza, shawarma, name it, patai.  Oh God, dude, it's just crazy.  Supermarkets there are.  But if you guys wouldn't mind, if you could just go to the Twitter page,  there's the post with the stream.  You don't have to reach for anything, but if you could just favor it,  the stream, if you're a chiller in the chat,  I don't know if that helps our algorithm or not.  But we might as well.  It's hard.  Exactly.  Yeah, you can shout out some of the people in the chat.  But yeah, Franken meant said nice garage.  Is that your.  I'm a lot of people figured out.  I mean, you have like, what do you think?  Is that a reindeer behind you or what is that?  It's a reindeer.  It's a knife.  And that's a garage.  Yeah.  So do you get brownie points or like fucking decorating your house around Christmas?  Or whatever Halloween?  You know, what happened?  What happened with Christmas?  Or Christmas?  And it was just too big.  I can't put it in a storage room.  I was like, I'm not going to move it.  Let's just leave here.  Yeah.  Do they expect you not to use the same reindeer every year, though?  They're like, no, I don't have a door.  You did it last year.  Yeah, yeah, no.  You don't have a snow in California, or whatever.  I'm not going to talk to it.  You are.  But like in the West Coast.  I'm in Los Angeles.  Every bar already knows.  Forget it.  So I'm in Los Angeles.  There's no snow here.  Do you want to go snow?  You have to go up to mountain.  Right.  So, but you still study with Christmas with all the decorations.  That's the American way.  Christmas, you go big.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  So Christmas likes you to all this energy and more than mining.  Right.  We're breaking the energy.  Right.  More than Bitcoin mining.  And so nobody complains about that, right?  Exactly.  You can waste all the energy lighting your house.  We can't hear you, Tim.  That is a good point, vanilla.  Garage door opener is above his head.  That is the fair point.  That's why I was moving my head, guys.  I was moving my head to show.  We don't have garage doors and garages in India.  You know, we just have like I have a I have a parking.  Sitting behind the flat screen TV wearing a dress shirt.  So what are you saying?  What does that mean?  Why is that a desk?  You want me to show my bed?  No, it's not a desk.  It's not a desk.  All right.  All right.  I'm saying.  Yeah.  You just because you don't have the garage door opener.  I want people like seriously.  I am like literally middle class here.  And if you come here and see the obscene amount of wealth people have  and how they show it.  For example, like they're buying Teslas now.  And BIDs and they're buying all fancy cars.  And they're paying 130% over the sticker.  So if a Tesla is 30 grand, they're paying 60 grand just to show off a Tesla.  70 grand after taxes.  So I'm just saying Indians are just stupidly rich.  And people think that it's a, you know, poverty nation.  Third world.  It's not.  It's not.  It's just not.  All the Asian countries are like that.  Debug are.  What do you mean?  It's not a poverty nation.  You could live off of like $20.  I mean, like if you're, yeah, I mean, that's a different thing.  I mean, I'm saying on the dollar.  I mean, honestly, that's why America is becoming a poverty nation.  It's because you can't.  There's no way to serve.  Whereas in the bottom barrel of Indians, they get by.  Whereas here.  Yeah.  Yeah.  The moment you fall out of the box, unless you're breaking out the other way, like you're homeless.  Yeah.  That's true.  But there are homeless people in India though.  How does that even happen if it's so cheap to live?  No, they're not homeless.  They're not as many homeless in India to be honest because they just make illegal like slums, right?  So land is so much government land out there.  Just go there and start building their own houses.  And, you know, they do manual labor.  And there is a lot of employment here because of the wealth gap.  So does everyone make your bed somebody in the chat?  Yes.  Yes.  My servant makes my bed.  This is a lot of them.  They do my laundry.  They do my everything the socks.  Did he give you the shoes?  Did he hand you the shades?  No.  No.  No, I just grabbed them.  But my coffee is coming.  My coffee is coming soon.  And I literally have to I'll do a live for you.  Okay.  Like wait.  Yeah.  Yeah.  You have to you have to have a live stream be scarce when he brings you like coffee.  Like that's one of the more epic thing.  Wait.  Ton, Ton, Ton, I bring a coffee.  Okay.  Coffee to the rich.  Good that.  He's just like.  He's just like.  He's just like.  Is this a request today?  Yeah.  But I'm very polite.  I don't like order him around.  Like, hey, get me coffee.  I don't do that.  But you know, I'm a good guy.  You basically just did.  You just said, hey, coffee.  Well, his name is, you know.  So, yeah.  You just said his dog sing our God, bro.  Oh my God.  Like best.  That's the most generic name.  Yeah.  If I show you, if I show you his face.  And you reverse Google him.  There's a billion of them.  So, yeah.  The best of luck.  And so, what I was saying was that I tried to orangepell my driver and my serving.  Let me put 10 to 20% of your money in Bitcoin.  And I obviously have no way to custodium.  Like, okay, you're going to have number go up.  And I'll custodiate for you.  And I'll ensure it for you.  That means if I lose my coin.  If I lose your coin, I'll still compensate you.  And just put 10 to 20% of your money in Bitcoin.  And we have a question from the chat.  How much does your serving cost?  How will you bring them to Thailand with you?  No.  No.  One day, one day.  If me and my girlfriend decide to settle in Thailand.  Our plan is to bring our servant with us.  Yes.  Is it a way if your girl goes with you?  Yeah.  Then I'm going to get my servant with you.  No.  She's meeting me on 9th of August.  But if you go for like two months with her, you're going to settle.  No.  So in Thailand, I'm doing everything by myself.  My laundry, my dishes, my toilet.  You said if you moved to Thailand?  Yes.  Oh, if you moved there.  Yeah.  Then he's coming with me.  Yeah.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  It's true.  It's true.  We talked about it.  She said, one of the conditions.  Well, what did you say?  What is the servant doesn't get a choice?  He doesn't get a choice.  No.  I mean, he's happy he gets to go to Thailand.  Who will say no?  He's never stepped foot in an airplane.  Free food.  Free food.  This guy is literally like a slave.  He's not even a servant.  Oh, I'll ask him if he doesn't want to come.  He'll be blessed to come.  You just said he doesn't get a choice.  No, I'm saying that he'll come if he wants to is what I meant.  You know, obviously, yeah.  I mean, no, there is no slavery here.  It's almost like bondage.  They are forced by poverty to do this.  Not by us, by poverty.  So, they have no education.  They have no recourse.  They have no assets.  You know how what they do is that they stack silver.  And they stack gold.  Like, anybody bits of silver and gold.  And they pass it on their children.  So, all Indians, even poor, are kind of they know  that fiat money is bullshit.  So, I tried to arrange for them and that wasn't happening.  And now I tell them the price of Bitcoin and how they think.  It's too late.  It's too much.  Yeah.  They're like...  It's always too late.  When gold went over that, I don't know.  Yeah.  It's too much.  He's got three daughters, by the way.  So, the common thing between poor people is that...  Three daughters, three daughters, sorry.  I owe three daughters.  Yeah.  And my mom told me that it's my responsibility  to like make sure that they're, you know,  if there's any lack of money for their marriage,  that, you know, I'm supposed to be the guy who steps up.  And I'm like, that's the least I could do.  That's not my decision.  That's not my decision.  That's $250.  That's to clarify some people don't think.  Yeah.  Yeah, part of the month.  Yeah, part of the month.  Yeah.  The poor bastard that's about to give B-Scares a coffee.  We're saying to give him a raise.  Are you going to give him a raise?  B-Scares?  It's not my call.  It's not my call.  His parents would probably get mad if he started paying.  They got it, I'm sure.  But I would rather live in a nice country  because where I live, there's no nature.  It's a city.  It's a concrete jungle.  I would rather be my own, like, you know,  how you clean your own house and you do your own laundry  and you cook your own food.  I'm happy doing that.  It's called life.  It's a life.  It's an adjustment for me.  It's called life.  It's called life.  It's called life.  It's called life.  It's called life.  This really makes me think America's a terrible country, bro.  I don't have a servant.  I don't have a servant.  How do you do your own?  Do you vacuum your own?  I'm seriously asking you.  Do you vacuum your own?  Floor, I'm OK.  We don't like carpets.  We have no carpets whatsoever.  Is it a hard word for floors or marble?  That's how it pop.  and and and and a multi-millionaire mobs his floors this guy I don't know who  you who you referring to but yeah I don't know who you're referring all right  let's talk about like a 50-year-old almost 50-year-old guy who's not poor mobs  is on floor yes well yeah I can agree to that I don't I don't know if you  I'm okay servant here in America yeah you're paying them a fucking full-time  salary if you do it you know what like a chef 45 dollars an hour you want a  nanny that takes care of your kids you want all that you're paying each one of  those people like real money 40 grand a year no more like especially if you get  gonna want hell of money but obviously you can get a you can get like meal  service with like chefs where they'll just come to your house prep your whole  week in one day and that's what about getting some what about illegals what  about legals like you're getting some abuela's only people that are doing that  are like indie rich Indian people will bring like illegal service yes yes  yeah yeah NPC retards say 250 dollars a day  I'm gonna put it out per day per person minimum if you guys get someone in  U.S. a day 250 dollars Indian by the way NPC retarded Indian slave is way  cheaper than a Thai slave and why am I saying slave no what I mean to say is  help Indian help is cheaper than Thai help okay stop calling him a slave he's  not a slave come on guys guys don't be so like it's not a servant it's just  domestic help the message okay he's just my cook my cleaner and what's left  that said he does my laundry he cleans the house and he cooks the food that's  it's not a big deal it's very normal in India so let's move on  and oh yeah he's saying there are Indians that live next to my in-laws that  have a new Indian slave every year to month yeah dude they call people over take  their passport tell them you got to work for us for like less than minimum wage  and we'll give you like a green card or like one of those things yeah and I'm  paying him three thousand dollars a year you're right should house read that's  not small money like that's literally point zero three Bitcoin it's gonna be a  lot of money one day if it was a Bitcoin yeah so what's the what what what  else is else like should you want to talk about your own power being fired or  being investigated into and like the sand trying to move now you want to  talk about that you guys want to talk about the MTR stretch the new I would love  talk about stretch but I don't know enough about it and this little like can be  really dumbed it down for me like he has to for me because I'm practically  retarded but yeah it's very good income product fist income product and  Timbie said it in a very good way he said like check in account gives you four  to five percent right a high saving account that's the best story as a high  savings yeah high yield saving account and this is a great alternate yeah it's  like a money market account it's literally a better product than banks can  provide back by the really great paid money just like your bank pay so you're  seeing your capital doesn't go down like yeah no it's not yeah it's cat is gonna  open at ninety nine dollars and it's capped at one oh one one zero one it's a  it's a stable coin that gives you a yield yeah that is one of the back by the  coin yeah that is exactly yeah nine percent annually this would actually be a  perfect product for Utah because of how much money you have nine percent of  years nine percent of years pretty fucking good except he won't be able to  like money that you would have in a high yield savings as like your nest oh you  put so yeah exactly so you're putting like a thousand dollars you get like  eight dollars yes per year per year yes really and then you're your capital  that you put in you get nine dollars then you put in not gonna go now yeah no  won't go down yeah you get it monthly sorry you get it monthly yeah I'm a  good yield and on the priority list it's only you're at the top it no it's  strife is above that because that's the investment great  preference yeah and then it and then it's now stretch and then strike then  stride then common stock so what what if you're we're in a bear market where  there's still keep soda at the same price they have no yeah we have it's it's  not gonna move at all there's no capital appreciation no depreciation it's  just nine percent fixed income product you really like us a savings account it's  STRC it hasn't started trading it they're calling it strife yeah yeah I just  think like all these things that strategies offerings getting a little out of  hand man no no no no no no when you learn about the difference between each  one it makes more sense like strife is investment grade guaranteed yield then  you've got now stretch which is now no capital appreciation no real upside just  money market pay you every month then there's strife which you actually get  upside but as the upside goes up the yield goes down it's not a fixed income  product but that makes it interesting because as it goes up they're gonna hit the  ATM so you could sell then they'll ATM the shit out of it back down and then  the yield goes up again or you can hold the whole time and just get a little  smaller yield there's things you can do with that one what's up dude what's  the last one oh did he get your copy yeah he did oh nice hello that's what I was  gonna say to that guy in the chat um fucking the guy Shmo he said your girl is  gonna run away with your servant and I said one I was gonna say once you see the  servant you don't see won't run away with him that guy's like I want to I want  especially for India like the class system the wider you are the hot guy so  brown let me let me ask that guy one thing who has the Bitcoin thank you yeah  exactly true true but the and then they built the stride the stride product  below strife which is like the junk bond you're not even guaranteed to be paid  at dividend like that's what they're trying what's the benefit so they're setting  up a yield curve with Bitcoin so there's different risk parameters for each  one but it's mainly so that that strife product is that's the one that's  gonna get triple a rated by credit agency that's why they're building these  differently so it's very clear the investment grade one that's why they've  built this entire new narrative with these new terminologies of like the  Bitcoin rating like they're starting to build out their own credit ratings on  their own shit and saying this is what our shit is so that's like four things  and then the common stuff so that does four things and then that's the regular  regular MSTR or just yield products in each one like I said is different it  obviously is a little weird like when this shit first started coming out and  they didn't really do the bus job advertising at the beginning but  as they like they realized that like this last earnings because of the 21 21  plan they honestly I think they figured they'd get more adoption on the fixed  income because they were already done with the converts and trying to push the  preferred but they weren't pushing the preferred very hard when they came out  people didn't even know what they were so like this last earnings call it was  literally like an hour-long presentation about why the preferred are a good  investment for fixed income investors and common shareholders everything else  they broke down all three preferred because the problem was they came out with  the one preferred nobody even really understood it and by the time that people  were finally starting to get it a little bit they did another one without  really breaking down like what was happening I don't know if that was by design  I think they blundered it that's why they had to double it to 42 bill 42 because  they already ran through the ATM and the preferred were not getting adopted and  they didn't want to do converts anymore given like the way that they're  they're set up structurally so so serious question like how do you guys feel  about it like taking away from Bitcoin right obviously that's a lot of people  buying the common stock buying all these different yield it doesn't take you  from Bitcoin at all I mean people buying this shit makes it so sailor buys more  more people that buy people buy the shit because they don't want the  volatility of MSTR so they all everybody is still doing the 80-20 town so  that means that either the 80 bond 20 equity or 80 equity 20 bond and the  smart money the institutional investors realize that what this is and how  they can add to young people and now these are like the top fixed and right  and so that's a benefit you think about that's a benefit right because like you  don't want to buy Bitcoin itself because of themselves but the fact that they  give money to strategy and then strategy buys a bit  bit points just still some of the money and they hold it in a way it helps as  well I see yeah but I have a very important point here what do you think  strategy is what's the endgame what are they trying to become the biggest  holder of the coin in the world no no no what are they first there no first I  agree yes they are they are the end game then the end game is to say Bitcoin is  the ultimate capital and they are the biggest Bitcoin bank in the world no a  bank a bank a treasury they literally without becoming a bank just created a  savings account no because the thing is if you have a brokerage account you can  get this savings account it's very smart because if you're seeing billions again  checking accounts and bringing money in they're using their money getting a  banking license getting a banking license is next to impossible when you're a  Bitcoin company so they are proxy banking this is so genius to kind of  tab into the fixed income tab into the treasury funds now which a bank does  but they're not a bank fixed income you're a convertible bond that's garbage  Roger I mean they're hitting but you know what now they're hitting the money  markets this is every I mean why would you get money in an Apple savings  account or on Robinhood gold at 4.5% when you can just go put it on  fidelity and get 9% paid monthly just like a checking just I mean while not  checking the accounts don't even pay dividends people do you know how many  people keep the money in checking accounts there's no  90% you got about 12 right 9% about by 12 right yeah so you're getting not if  you only put a thousand and do nothing you get 90 dollars  divided by 12 if you keep the dividend in there then it's it's compounding  monthly just like just like any other savings account without losing capital  compounding monthly right without losing capital that is the that is the the  thing that is really incentivize somebody if they just want to deal with  everything that grows that's pretty good especially if you're on fidelity  ensure you could put this in a fucking rock bro there's there's no  time so yeah so yeah okay right so so here's the thing I'm a strategy that  this the biggest Bitcoin bank what happens to all the other treasury companies  aren't they trying to offer you know financial services as well and like what  do they will now they will now they will they're just smaller bank smaller  yes that's smaller bank just like Wells Fargo and you've got all these  different hierarchies of bank you're gonna have they're gonna be the JP Morgan  of Bitcoin Michael Taylor is the JP Morgan of Bitcoin Vanilla what do you  mean what's the catch and how do we get the money here what do we what do you  guys say to the people who say that MSTR BTC holdings are on a trust me  bro status I think those people are fucking idiots I think that the  institutionalization of Bitcoin and how much Bitcoin they already have it would  have become extremely obvious that they don't have the coins at some point  already there's a bunch of people that monitor this shit and the biggest  whales and Bitcoin that are selling the coins OTC to these people they  haven't said a word so I would say everything is on the up and up could there be  an IOU from JP Morgan Chase or something here there that is a concern which I  guess is the one under I mean you go listen to dark side of the moon and all  the dooms talk bro they think that is the case they think that there is a  looming Bitcoin IOU and Bitcoin's gonna cause the death spiral the bond market  and the entire system is gonna collapse I tell you that's not gonna happen so  and then he's saying where are you going to cause how it'd be happy what you're  saying because like everybody's dooming looming but he's more positive yeah  exactly that shit's not happening ever again bro like the IOUs will just get  swept under the rug and they'll get the Bitcoin like it'll there is no lender of  loss resort and that type of shit could happen and people get paid out and  worthless as beyond and I mean you could say there's gonna be some type of  Venezuela shit but I don't I mean if if that type of shit happens having Bitcoin  is not gonna save you just so you know owning Bitcoin in a world where the  entire the entire global financial system collapses you better have a bunch of  guns and a fortress and no bunch of people and have food sources water the last  thing you should be worried about is fucking internet money when there is no  internet anymore or even gold and everybody's got there everybody's looting each  other and murdering each other so yeah gold isn't helping you silver isn't  helping you Bitcoin isn't helping you yeah and then vanilla as far as the catch  brother really isn't a catch like that's the power of Bitcoin I know that  sounds kind of scammy I guess but in reality like they're gonna pay these  dividends by hitting the ATM of micro strategies common stock so I guess you  could say it there's a world maybe where there's so much investment into the  fixed income and we get a bear market at a very inoperative time and they have  no way of hitting the dividends but that would require such a massive dividend  that they need to pay out and that's why they've set these up certain ways like  the stride 475 million that's nothing they don't even have to pay the  dividend it's not even guaranteed that they have to pay it so they have these  things set up that they they'll be fine literally either way so that's kind  of how I look let's see NPC Reid Hard is saying that Magoo tweeted about this  today I just want to like reference and I love Magoo Magoo actually tweeted in  2022 that Larry Fink and you know JP Morgan is going to come out with  paper Bitcoin that was actually pretty dope I want to see his tweet yeah the  best part about that's Magoo the best part about MSTR is with all their debt  perpetual offerings and dividends you have no idea how much Bitcoin exposure you  actually have I mean that is with the perpetuals for sure I mean if you go off  of the Bitcoin per fully diluted share I mean obviously if they're hitting the  ATM on a daily basis you're never gonna 100% now I mean that's that's fair  but at the end of every market day if it got updated you wouldn't know  exactly your Bitcoin per fully diluted share you'd be able to track track that  and I don't know that's what I care about Bitcoin per share not not this yield  shit like that's what everybody's using is the yield the dollar returns what  really matters is Bitcoin per share if that's going up then you holding that  share is good regardless because you it's worth more Bitcoin now so that's what  I think is more important obviously people like number go up that's all they  care about but if Bitcoin per shares going up then that's where the long-term  thesis makes sense because then sailors actually getting you more exposure to  Bitcoin and you're not doing anything with that capital you're just holding that  capital in those shares and yet you're getting more Bitcoin theoretically  obviously you can't cash in for that Bitcoin but you technically can you can  instantly just sell and buy fucking Bitcoin people act like that's impossible  yeah I think a lot of people who don't understand all these sort of like  derivatives and stocks whatever that strategy's offering it's just it's a  little confusing like because there's still no dynamics of how it works and yeah  each one was a little different so it's yeah somewhat confusing and they're not  on every brokerage so if you're not on Schwab or Fidelity or you're just on  Robynon you can't even buy preferred stocks so like I don't even know I don't  know any of them that's how I'm asking and also I mean I don't have any of them  and I don't know stocks either so what are B-scarce is ordering his guy around  again it was my mom it was my mom the fuck you said I already ordered it is now  we have to give a shout out to the what 300 viewers 321 viewers so shout out to  everybody shout out to the people in a chat no was it luck third game  surgae and frankenman yeah and the next one game the lottery of vanilla and BJJ the  flip goal game frankenman to the asking would you talk about CB doing  perps what is CB oh yeah frankenman I think that's extremely bullish I think  this all is everything's gearing up for another as big cleaners hated but we're  gearing up for another all coin season bro now leverage trading shit coins is  on coin base black rock files for a theory of ETF staking stable coin bill  clock crime is now legal again and crypto basically the I don't know I that's how  I see it I think risk on is about to I think big pointers are gonna start  getting disappointed again and people are gonna start calling Bitcoin boomer  boomer coin again they're gonna start saying why would I own Bitcoin it's at  $140,000 the odds of it going to 280 compared to Ethereum going to 10k and  Solana going to 400 and all this shit that's these narratives that you know  these narratives are gonna start happening again yeah I mean in some respects  at certain price targets it does become more mathematically probable that like  dogecoin would double over Bitcoin and that is like true but yeah that's what I  see coming I think yeah but it's not a good thing though for big corners for  big corners and you think about it like everything's been financialized right  it's literally the financialization of Bitcoin you know how they that video that  shows a Trojan horse going into Wall Street right supposedly that's Bitcoin and  who's Trojan horse and who but right now there's so many sort of like  financial schemes or instruments to big corners like even to me I just feel like  wow we we got to be careful right don't deviate or forget about Bitcoin in  itself right getting co-storage not stacking as much as you can right instead of  these other products I mean you don't have to evaluate for it for yourself but  then you have to be careful because like if everybody just looks at these  instruments instead of understand what Bitcoin is then it's kind of like we're  kind of losing sort of like the battle right no let me just say one thing I  really think it's great for Bitcoin you know I think this is layer four or  layer three of Bitcoin and you shouldn't be like bearish or scared because as you  go up on the layers of Bitcoin and Bitcoin being your hard core foundation the  trust goes higher and obviously the the the chances of being ruptured go higher  that's fine you know why that's fine because of layer four is pathetic and  they're frauds and they're like rupturing you you go back to layer zero layer zero  but there's zero cold storage self-classity Bitcoin becomes more primo it  becomes more demand and now with the the the clarity act and the genius act  when every single bank is going to have its own stable coin which is going to be  backed by treasuries and they're obviously going to diversify with a little bit  of Bitcoin and when you see some stable coins not working as well and people  realizing oh censorship oh they are they are monitoring me there is no privacy  in these stable coins and centralize and like oh the only thing I have to do  privately and storing my money and not being rugpulled and my bank account  not being closed and my money not being stopped at a click of a button is  Bitcoin Bitcoin goes up so everything that's bad for Bitcoin is good for  Bitcoin yeah Bitcoin's a base and I think the the main people that are getting  harmed in this whole thing if you want to call it being harmed because some  people get rich obviously but I mean it's mainly new market participants that  have missed most of the move already so they're playing catch up and it's when  you're seeing other people get rich and you have done nothing and you have  massive FOMO you're not just going to buy the most expensive battle tested like  has already ripped and it's probably not going to be ripping too too much more  you're not going to build a long-term thesis in that you're going to buy  something that you think is going to three action a month a week a day so that's  the yeah yeah it's all these Bitcoin treasury companies are they're stonks on  Wall Street they're Bitcoin stonks on Wall Street this is Palm Dot Fund the  SPACs and all this bullshit and I know I know I know I was saying  metaphorically you know like Bitcoin you want to say how much Bitcoin  fine fuck last time how much it rallied it's a Ethereum trade-rate company and  it rallied like huge yeah so I was like that didn't make sense to me because  it's little yeah it's literally pushed up Bm and R and I would tell people do  your own and yeah I think so Tom Lee yes yes he's been recruited well he's the  chairman of the board now he basically yeah he's been recruited he doesn't he's  not him he's not a Bitcoin Maxi or Bitcoin or any more and it's a tragedy and I  think it's everybody is for sale Vanilla does not own somewhere and I would  guess that the only reason he's in those foreign treasury companies and  shelling those so much is because of what he's just signed up with CEPO he's  doing a Cantor Fitzgerald SPAC just like 21 so he's in he's in Cahoots with the  Lotniks in the same respect and I think that's why he was shelling those  super low flow foreign Bitcoin Treasuries because I think that's gonna be  these guys main plays is that they're gonna that's why Naka that's why David  Bailey's got this grand plan to buy all these small Bitcoin Treasuries across  the world because I think that is already the plan of 21 and this other  Cantor Fitzgerald play with with Adam back and I think David Bailey's just  copying it so is Anthony Pompoliano they're just building these Bitcoin hedge  fund type companies I think it's garbage so I don't know I'm not gonna be  yeah yeah I don't recommend anybody buy any treasury company that's my  opinion I first be companies but I'm only buying the the companies that have  sailors blessing which is only  similar in meta-planet that's it those are the same similar was the first  company to follow because of sailor meta-planet around the same time did the  same thing they've been in contact with sailor the whole time you go look at  the dinners all the photos of sailor road they're actually those are the two  companies closest to the most successful company and he's got their back yeah  and unlike Jack Mauer's working shit about sailor so yeah I know who for  reserving yeah just all that stuff they're trying to come yeah no the sailor  whereas right I have to reserve they meta-planet and similar are getting right  but they're riding the drift like in NASCAR how the leader if you're right  behind them you're using less fuel and shit because they're brunting the  wind and all that it's the same example that's what's happening where's  these other planets are trying to pass sailor well we're okay with being like  in the fucking taladega nights like we're okay coming in second and swing  shock the fucking finish line bro meta-planet below nine dollars now it's been  dropping you know a lot so I don't know because it ran too fast too high it's  his profit booking and they haven't enough time yeah crazy pops like 17 or something  now it's like you know and sailor still buying town tailors buying like crazy he  buys one similar treasury every other week you know what I don't know I  used to have strategy everybody knows I used to have strategy but um I sold  that I don't have any treasury strategy for like two days around I only  held for like two days exactly I was like you know I was thinking about it  I'm like you know what I just don't feel it I don't feel right I don't I have  no sort of reasoning behind it but I'm just like you know I write this whole  Bitcoin because like I said if Bitcoin goes up I mean the only way the only way  strategy are these treasury companies goes up it's because Bitcoin goes up  and if Bitcoin goes up then I already have Bitcoin so I just say no let me just  hold it underline I said I don't need to hold the treasury yeah I'm pulling up  the chart for you Vanilla I don't know what to make of this shit bro and  there you've got all the tried five people talking shit about the M knives bro  and this M knives shrinking as we speak in their massively diluting the shit  out of this motherfucker so I don't know this the chart that we're looking at  here looks kind of sketch this is the weekly also I mean this just I don't know  that it looks like it could easily go right here and just retest seven bucks like  that looks like the that looks like the closest support that we fucking have is  this if that doesn't hold brother this shit goes back to four bucks just like  that that's why it's I don't know it is kind of sketchy Bitcoin's been going up  to and this thing's going down like what what's going on like Bitcoin was  making an all-time high again July seventh week and Meta Planet went down  continue to go down while we made all-time wise do you think futures have  anything to do with that or the synthetic short no this is something to do with  that I think what's happening is the their plan I mean they've they've got a lot of  dilution and they have I mean they are one of the most massively shorted  companies in Japan I don't really know the implications of that stuff though like  I don't own Meta Planet I know they're gonna be okay in the long run so but I  don't know if eight nine is a good buy obviously if you if you're gonna hold  Meta Planet for the next ten years and do you think like the Bitcoin  Treasury thing is here to stay and these companies are really gonna scale and  then sure eight nine is a great buy but if you're looking for a play for the next  few months or something I don't know like that's up to you so that's how I look  this is the best way to have the intrinsic value of MSTR or Meta Planet is  that how much of the supply do they own and then if if Meta Planet or MSTR is  priced over that market cap are you willing to take that risk and forward  earnings right that's what we do with Apple and video so with Bitcoin the  risk is like this is me and Alex were talking about this yesterday that I didn't  imagine I would be in a world where Bitcoin is the least risky thing to  like hey guys I'm very risk a worse you know I'm not gonna hold Meta Planet  in MSTR I'm just very happy with my 45 person returns per year and big  coin is literally like the risk off if you want to just just buy Bitcoin you're  good and yeah Vanilla we actually want to get good vibes and Chris and I've  got some real life friends actually that are all in Meta Planet as we  speak like I'm not even kidding I know people in real life that did the same  thing good vibes and Chris did they sold all their somewhere all their MSTR  went all in Meta Planet this one dude this Jewish dude I fucking know he I mean  he literally ran up his MSTR shares and MSTR our calls to almost a mill  also and he's all in fucking all in Meta Planet now too it's fucking retarded I  know a very very hardcore Bitcoin Maxi very popular and famous in the  daisy the Indian Bitcoin spaces who bought Bitcoin in 2018 is a whale and he  bought MSTR you talk about the sky yeah so so he he bought 21 in 2020 when  MicroStrategy announced it in 21 only he bought MicroStrategy before any split  like at 250 dollars and this guy sold it MSTR last month and I was invited to do  that by the way he was selling cover calls on MSTR along all the way making  shit ton of money off them and his theory was and I was just trying to become  bullish on MSTR and he sold it and he said there's too much competition  coming it's not new anymore Bitcoin being the Bitcoin treasury company so you  did a 10x 20x on my MSTR I'm very happy in five years I'm just gonna go into  Bitcoin so he basically took chips off the table so far he's been right I mean  MSTR's been eaten November of last year so far Bitcoin has made new all-time  eyes since but I mean that still doesn't discount that MicroStrategy's up 42%  this year and Bitcoin's only up 21% so that is like the perfect 2x leverage that  Michael Sailor keeps talking about it's I mean if they can mimic that to the  best of their ability somehow brothers I mean this will be the biggest  company in the world like and that's what's hilarious to me is the all the  tried-fi people that literally still talk shit about it every day it's like  this company has been the it's outperformed Bitcoin it's outperformed every  stock since they started buying Bitcoin and yet these people still just look  at the financials I mean it's either this right they're tried-fi and they  look at the fundamentals they look at the the financial statements and they're  like well this makes no sense they don't have a business all they do is buy  Bitcoin that's fucking retarded then they leave it at that they're like well  that's fucking dumb they don't understand Bitcoin at all and then Bitcoiners  don't understand tried-fi so they look at it and they're like oh this is some  kind of Ponzi scheme I don't understand how good is this even possible it's the  same shit bro but that's what makes it the best asymmetric bet since being  early on Bitcoin is being early on this well that's me there that's me I'm a big  corner that doesn't understand tried-fi so just recently learn a lot of  things you know as everybody knows yeah I mean I think the top companies will  have Bitcoin like I mean whether that's gonna be I mean there's gonna be a  multitude of things right there's gonna be the company that goes all in  Bitcoin like MicroStrategy and completely levels up to some massive company  but then there's gonna be massive companies that to stay massive companies they  need to get exposed to Bitcoin will they be looked at in the same light probably  not like Tesla I like using that as a perfect example  Neeks and all the Tesla Maxis we know none of those guys own Tesla because  they own Bitcoin it's just like a byproduct of Tesla that they own that's how  early we are in the Bitcoin Treasury companies that a company that doesn't  even actively purchase Bitcoin is one of the top 10 holders of Bitcoin they  haven't even bought in multiple years at this point and yet they're one of the  top holders of Bitcoin against companies that are now actively in arms race  to buy more Bitcoin like that's how early we are to this whole thing so so I mean  strategy recently bought today or today they are now supplies they've made  right yeah along with Cconn's oh there's a lot of companies that are buying  Bitcoin but the thing is like yeah but it's not a price is not even moving or  something like it's still like I didn't even drop today so what what's  explanation for that be scarce is gonna have to go down stairs bro it's  fuckers running out of data in India in India in internet so SpaceX might have  more Bitcoin than Tesla so that's an interesting theory did you see of the  on Robinhood they've now made it so you can you can actually invest in like the  tokenized IPO of open AI and SpaceX I haven't looked at what the price of it is  but they announced that now they're they're launching tokenized IPOs that  don't even actually I'm pretty sure if you read the fine print like it doesn't  even guarantee you the shares like if it actually does IPO it's just like a  pure speculation like token you know be scarce you shouldn't work in  but yeah that shit's interesting you should look into that I don't know if that  shit's gone live trading or not they they announced that during the during that  whole live stream they announced the crypto thing how they're doing  staking with Salona and Ethereum and all that it was a part of that that  stream all right you should be back now be scarce what's good you know there's  like so money-free companies that's literally I'm looking at the website right  now there's like 60 company 6-0 companies that look by the end of it though  they barely have that many coins right some what the lowest is 223 coins yeah  from some weird we made companies are random ass dog shit companies like  imagine what this list will look like in 10 years and tell me you're not going to  see Apple in video you're telling me you're not going to see that I'm a big  coin shit like that if we see them having Bitcoin it's game over like Apple or  Amazon or whatever big company suddenly just jumps on Google it's gonna be game  over then you know we'll pump 100k about that same day I don't know if it'll be  like that because that's the thing dude is these companies the way that they're  structured they they can't make drastic decisions like that like at the  beginning it's going to be like 5% of cash reserves into Bitcoin but even that  at a big enough company will be I mean that will instantly make them one of  the top companies and we lost b-scarious this bitch house again come on what  is the internet this fucking guy man at least in Thailand this fuckers got  Wi-Fi so bro I'm trying to take a smoke break man we did one hour I'm trying to  do a quick little smoke break he's coming back he's coming back b-scarious are you  here come on trying to stick a smoke break and text my  Thai lady bro is back is back hey can you hear me yeah yeah we can hear it all right hold it down and  maybe don't lose can I hold it down I don't know it's just blacked out yeah we had a  whole power cut I mean towel can just talk to the chat if it's okay I I do want to say one thing  why because Tim is not here and I have the stage for two minutes is that I want  everybody to close their eyes and think about what's coming because you have no idea what's  coming there's a if you think that 2020 was bad and 21 quantity of easing was bad it's gonna be  like 10 20 times worse that is that I want you guys to imagine everybody offering the stock  everybody offering a bond a token of a bond a token of a stock a token of a treasury a token of  every single thing all assets mortgages mbs everything is going to be digitized you're going to open  an app and you're going to be able to buy everything under the sun 24 7 Monday to Sunday and it's  all going to be powered by stable coins and what that means is that money printer is not only  going to work and they're going to have the staking protocols where the other stable coins will  compete with each other for you to stake their stable coins and their staking protocol to earn more  of the stable coins while they're being backed by strategies and stable and bitcoin  is that you think micro strategy and meta plan it it's bad now like imagine so many bitcoin  treasury companies but they're not on wall street they're just private companies trying to  become a bitcoin treasury companies by doing the stable coins as long as they're backed one to one  by treasury right so and the profits they make they buy a bitcoin because they can buy bitcoin  in their private treasury but they have to issue stable coins backed by the U.S.  Treasuries right by the U.S. bonds so I am kind of bullish and bearish about the future because I  see a lot more censorship I see a lot more tracking I see like China CBDC happening in America  on a large scale now you can interrupt me if you think I'm wrong I'm not trying to have like a  monologue it's a bullish chase for bitcoin though right because it's a bullish chase for bitcoin  that's what I meant yeah if you don't have bitcoin you are gonna get fucked in the future and you're  gonna have lot more option you're gonna have a lot more product you're gonna have a lot more  speculation casino is gonna turn 24 seven powered by U.S. bonds and U.S. dollar and it's gonna be  insane like people are gonna because people are gonna lose jobs to AI people gonna lose jobs to  automation and so right now we see people doing only fans and trading and livestreams and all  that shit to make money well people are gonna do all that shit through on the stable coins on the  Robinhood on the cash app on the Venmos so it's gonna get worse and the thing is in all that noise  and all that speculation and all that paranoia one thing will stay same as a rock and the fundamentals  won't change and it's freedom money and its censorship resistant is bitcoin cold storage on chain  cell custody bitcoin and then you will realize like you know when Trump was getting sworn in and he  launched Trump coin and Melania coin and strong pumped out fund was going up and people were losing  money left and right and people realize wait bitcoin is not stock is not pumped out fund bitcoin  and mean coins are different and people stop believing in mean coins pumped out fund lost so much  shut down and that's what's gonna happen with these stable coins and these bitcoin treasury companies  so just fucking buy bitcoin harder your shit play with these bitcoin treasury companies with 10  person if you want to but your bitcoin is just gonna get so much more valuable you have no idea  sorry i'm done with my rant i like this here so you're that was a good round  big coin only while i'm gone huh yes well that's the way it's a big coin dive bar it's a  bitcoin dive more vanilla vanilla we don't run the the bitcoin drama the bitcoin twitter drama segment  that's Mars that's Mars that's Mars that's not a third of Mars if you want to come out of his  hole or something for the night and give us a deal and i say like my life has been pretty calm  without any females in it but i do miss it i do miss it i don't miss it i don't know what  up the ethereum chart also does why why i mean it's a beautiful no no shit coins it's a pretty good  looking like they're asking we forgot to do this every every every episode got  but yeah we could discuss um you know recent happenings haven't really been on spaces actually been  just this card yeah we have been this carding we have been darkening yeah  lost the shitload of money last friday kind of been in the darks just talking to tie bitches  you know really just de-compressing and you know prepping for you know it's really time to  lock in actually that's what made me depressed a little bit about you know fucking up making a  free ten thousand dollars that i mean at the very least could i just been like five to six grand  instead of being a five fuck six thousand dollar loss instead just retarded when  and these really are the ones taking that easy money and running it up you want to tell them  you actually bought more similar yeah i'll continue to buy more similar i bought more similar  today at forty dollars and fifteen cents those shares are currently down like fifty cents or whatever  but i bought more msty yeah go ahead he's scared to do put any of your fiat in the stables  the questions no no no i'm not doing stables i don't hold any stablecoins never but unless i have to  if because i think in the future as tourist i'm gonna have to have a wallet because digital euro  is being launched but just by the way cbdc it's not private stablecoin so there's more censorship  there's more government control in a euro digital euro and the do by i'm going to do by next  uh in october there they're having their own digital currency being launched so eventually how you  me uh uh ten everybody will have to hold stablecoin but i heard you buy uses tether a lot like  it's really big over there yeah and they're launching their own digital uh their own back by  i could get it out there it's getting out of hand now it's getting out of control like everybody's  lots and lots of sort of like crap coins what do you mean it's getting out of hand so so we are  in the technological age where everybody has a phone so nobody wants cash government wants to track  every money they can tax every money they can at least know where it's going and be able to  prevent fraud that's actually a very you know very good excuse to send to track people is that oh  we are trying to prevent fraud yeah i'm just thinking like well how they're going to implement this  it's not going to be a simple thing right it's really going to be complicated especially like if  every country has their own system whatever no protocol they use on you know uh a stack they use  to implement their coins and how it's going to be be able to like to tour like go across the world  it's not going to be so simple but yeah well we'll see what happens what's up Alex  well yeah first thank you what episode are we now eight eight but right now uh we need to do a quick  I'd read um this show is brought to you this is the bitcoin dive bar with bscarcin Tim B this is  brought to you by strategy the number one bitcoin treasury company in america michael sailor is the  goats currently um they are the gold standard just released stretch today which is now going to  compete with high yield savings accounts and money markets across the world um this is very bullish  next we have similar scientific the second bitcoin treasury company in in america to adopt  the bitcoin treasury strategy they will be coming out with preferred stock this september  and last but not least uh cruise light our number one sponsor malons are always blue it is always  five o'clock somewhere considering bscarcin i across the world um cheers to everyone we'll continue  so what's good Alex i thought you said you couldn't join the show and yet here you are couldn't stay  away i didn't say that this time i knew i was coming back hold on your mic is low your mic was low  there is that better there you go there you go no i knew i was coming back tonight i didn't say  i wasn't going to come on i think that was last time or maybe a few episodes ago but you guys you  pull me in man what can i say all of your deep insightful discussion grounded in years of  uh-oh research you know i think just can use to pull me back i i say it sarcastically but i know i know  i actually i do mean it i do mean it for years whether we've learned a lot i mean  or not but if you pull together all the intelligent things to us have to say about all these topics  if he won podcast i think you you would do the job of one smart man wait wait i'll make it better if  you can just learn what not to do from ten b you're never going to fuck up well yeah you counter  trade my emotions you can win i'm short and similar starting tomorrow vanilla  so that's fucking go this is not really when it's a good time there's short  similar it's when i know this is not a good i don't feel good about it right now which means it's  going up yeah i agree with that i uh i'm not even sweating those thirty seven dollar cash  care puts on my god they're fine those aren't it but yeah the Noah said would be funny if you  too smash the same tie lady without knowing it that would be impossible the Noah we're not  fucking no no no well in the same bracket of uh of time oh come on come on okay but here's the  thing i've been going there for you who's higher oh i'm higher for sure i've been i've been going  there for 12 years you're probably getting either uh you're getting in second in comparison  i think i'm doing all right i think i'm doing you know that train me i'll use their cap on  Thailand who has a high social cap on Thailand  oh the white man the white man the white guy for sure the white man the problem for b  scares is that india is so close so there's actually a lot of indian guys going there  a lot of indians and these girls there's actually been two already that have complained to me  about indian guys and i'm like well my indian friend is over here i love my indian guy bro  no when when other white people come to Thailand and they just like look around and they see  the back of Tim's head they're like holy shit is that mac miller i didn't i thought he died he's just  been hiding out in Thailand i don't know if someone like i've had a bunch of tattoos or something i'm like  the porn i just saw a mac miller on my feet you got him taken off to hide from the public  you know either crazy motherfucker mac miller i just got to know him about a few hours ago i don't  he came on my feet out of nowhere problem because he's you're talking to you yeah the message yeah  but do you think a story is true how true is it because all of these people fake it till they make it  what do you mean he died what story he died dude oh so i'm seeing all his old shit  yeah he's dead well he doesn't have any news come on your stream  all right come on your show  well our our our IP our IP yeah or at least we thought he was a drug addict he's dead  i mean he got he did like his or is though he liked his or stoner rap in that like stoner like  just like yeah we're all cool and then and then it became like really evolutionized deep music  but he was also  massive he mac miller was  mac miller was the similar of white rap with m&m being like microproded  he became a musical talent yes like a play guitar he learned how to play piano  like by the end of all those shitty hours he started well yeah i know he was like a swag rap  right like a stoner swag rap he was the similar of white rap when he started  like if you if you weren't thinking about m&m you were thinking about mac miller  but by the end of mac miller he became like a musical genius by the end  he was he he was ripping piano on all this tracks  but he did love hookers as well so just to bring it all back  you got out you got out he loved pcp bro the guy was  talking about eight of us and i mean the guy was i mean definitely off his rock or on some shit  but that's how you make music like that maybe sometimes though that's how you get in the  the deepest parts of reality that other people can't get us through drugs sometimes but then it  ruins you though it ruins you but you know yeah but i know people who's like never made was  underground yeah the insight that is had in the moment that that shit's created that's how it's  created yeah because you never get those miraculous things unless you're in a different state of mind  to to write a great song you only need a couple minutes of deep clarity and insight  the problem is you're fucking do the drugs for you know a few decades and you don't  think you only get those few minutes of clarity yeah that's why there's a lot of  when it comes you got to grab that there's so many one hit wonders like nowadays is like these  dudes literally make one banger get addicted to drugs not another here again literally fron see  it like the only reason Drake is still getting bangers is because the you know the people we don't  talk about on live streams you know he gets all his songs written for like all the industry people  like that's why they hang on is because the industry creates the music for them and they just  perform whereas the soundcloud wrapper errors that's why all those guys fall off there's only a few  talented guys that keep going and can keep producing and making their own music it's not easy  to make it through soundcloud as an artist you have to have like true creative like power and  integrity you got to make some fucking amazing music and pump it out constantly if you're Drake  you are your own market at this point and everybody's coming to the marketplace to say  I've got like a wrap lyric for you that you get the best song you get the best beats you've got  the best songwriters yeah that wrote a band for this guy now he's your guy just because he wrote  a banger for that guy now he's your new banger guy and then it's all this and until he's when  he's not banger guy anymore you cycle him out for the yeah but Mack Miller Mack Miller you got  better over time and he kept doing drugs and sleeping with him it was like it's impressive  like his first album has his first album he did it like his first I think he put out his first  album when he was 17 and there's a song on there called like like high school skip day or like  cool aid and frozen pizza and then you look at his last album and it's like angel  box like faces like how he releases good when he wrote that was only on soundcloud at the time too  he literally released a mixtape at the time yeah soundcloud wasn't on not gonna lie not gonna lie  I have no idea who the hell you guys are talking about the names that don't know maybe  I really don't know who you're an ace in L.A.  I could honestly play a Mack Miller song but you guys would have to tune into the stream  what about the corporate right well yeah let's really wouldn't matter bro we're not monetized  on the on the stream anyways all right fair enough I mean you you did give a shout out  yeah coolers lights account in the pregame show well yeah coolers light is our sponsor but they  support and then we start talking about tie bitches yeah coolers light loves you yeah coolers  so to say hi bitches grouchy bike cooler himself DM me and he said we need to make that  you guys in Thailand live stream app and he said that's when he'll come on when there's the tie  women in the background so 10 minutes I think we're related really quickly guys so I'm  going to show them really quick sure you're not big corner if you don't have these things okay  well there's one international baby wow that's that's one okay that's a buy that off humble or what  no no I got it from can't can I show them yeah yeah please tell you yeah yeah that's  the other name yeah okay so I want to show no waste BTC signs so you can go at no waste BTC  signs I think they're a group from Fresno or something like that very nice people okay they  they gave me these for free actually so here's one no waste BTC  there are cyclers there are cyclers are yeah and it's wood so here's huddle right nice nice  like you don't huddle if you don't huddle you're gonna be poor yeah here's a gold one oh that's  beautiful that's the gold one like fucking metal right it's so nice look at that it's your reflection  and then the last most important one if you don't have Bitcoin you can no  okay anyways that was why Siri or something so really quick if you don't have Bitcoin you can  so I gotta say I have a thing for bitches you're not big if you if you don't have a Bitcoin  decoration shorts something that's Bitcoin related then you're not big corner so go get some  Bitcoin yeah I don't get and get wrench attacked oh I'm in my gym gym with my wife  beater with a Bitcoin logo and people are looking at me okay must be aware let's get them  have you guys ever seen anybody with a like a number plate or something like a license plate  we've seen that in real life or like anything Bitcoin related like did you meet any Bitcoin  in real life that okay not a license I mean I mean I met people they're not big corners but they  hold Bitcoin like I ask them I'll say oh you know we just have been talking they're like oh yeah I  know what it is so that's really shocking in the past you would never hear from anybody you ask them  hey um do you know Bitcoin or anything like that they have no idea does it is it a stock  I'll ask questions like that but these days you go here you go there and they're like yeah  oh yeah my my husband has some Bitcoin I was like no what do you know about money they go into  all that deep stuff so so there are people now these days and even merchants right I told you  the story when I went to me my big corner friend we went out to just grab some like like food trucks  some tacos and then I actually tweeted about this too and the guy that was selling tacos we  asked them we just say hey did you accept Bitcoin and he said yes but we had no idea  oh yeah I accept Bitcoin so I was like wow that's cool we're very happy and we pay them through  lightning for the tacos so it is happening more and more people are starting to accept Bitcoin  more and more merchants let me just share this with you I don't know if you can see at 10 if you  can just make my screen bigger uh is that um this is in India uh yesterday you have  can you see it the discord on and now no no you can't see the discord wait you have the  you have the an in now it's echoing yeah there's there's another screen right that says be  scared so you have two screens when it's showing you and then all screen was kind of like oh I'm  sorry yeah yeah all right is it better yeah it's fine don't not showing it yet  it's loading it's loading it's probably loading yeah well that's the quality of your shit  it's in here we can see it yeah it's frozen now this fucking guy dude now he lagged out  he scared his screen dude dude he's still on DSL or something man is he on  DSL? he went from first world to the slave back to third world yeah literally now we can see him  like laggingly tracking it he's like trying to figure out like can they still hear me but we can't  oh my god i can hear you can you hear me? no we can't yeah not really  can't read a share in your shit bro it's obviously eating too much your band yeah let's  we just got Bitcoin for a minute we need you to get Bitcoin for a minute  I thought we were passing technical difficulties but turns out India  hi oh really so okay i want to piggyback on what Tao is now you're fine again dude it was just you  streaming the screen that's how bad your internet is it was you using too much of your max somehow  so you walk around here and you walk around your city and you don't you don't know anybody  like how many people do you talk to you that actually know Bitcoin that you didn't meet through  some Bitcoin community right it's pretty rare over the next five years oh over the next five  years how many people are you gonna meet where they know Bitcoin they've heard about it they even  own some or they own a proxy but they know nothing about how it works that group is about to  explode that's my easily gonna explode there i mean think about it right now Alex every gram on  every dip shit with a 401k is exposed to micro strategy they already have Bitcoin exposure that's  only right i keep going out what's there's gonna be people that don't even know about Bitcoin at all  that own right but let's take out the proxy if we take out the box here  who's gonna be lazy to buy a bit of coin five years from now for any joe schmo like everybody's  going to coin base yeah i don't think people are gonna go more triad far i think everything  becomes but i also think everything becomes one right like that's where we're headed like  it's all connected i would rather not trade on coup coin but if coin base i mean coin base  has perps but what happens when charles swam has perps what happens when fidelity has 24  seven stock market crypto perps everything going all at once what happens when that the whole thing  it's merged at one point like it's been going like this and closer closer it's gonna be 24 seven  market with crypto all new yeah keep in mind what is this the USA like that's honestly why i think  they don't give a shit about their UI and improving any of that shit is because their biggest thing  is now that all the coins are custodian with them that's where their main power is now because  they're gonna lose to the robin hoods with the UI and they're they're gonna lose to that they're  not gonna be the best brokerage in town for crypto anymore so them their hotdlers at them being  the custodian service is the business eventually because they can't compete with think or swim and  fucking robin hood when they have all the shit so yeah yeah that's how i see it i mean everybody  most people who are fast and i i agree with that direction generally i think most people  who own gold today how many people who own gold today own hard gold as a hard asset in their  house yeah the people who are gold but the gold ball is right no you're right the rappers the  rappers most people own a piece of paper which is how it's gonna be we're headed to the exactly the old  the ETS and now even if you're a hardcore Bitcoiner the easiest way to now get your dip shit friend  that's been ducking you for years have them buy a couple shares of it and it's raw have them  buy a couple shares of it i mean it's a way easier just hop on robin hood real quick bang no sketchy  thing you don't have to copy and paste addresses worry about lose i mean honestly grant and  gary cardone are idiots in some respects but they've made two good points to be honest like with  Bitcoin self custody you are the risk you become the risk a lot of people that scares the fucking  shit out of them they don't want to be the risk they would actually much rather have a bank  be the risk so they have someone else to blame if anything goes wrong and they have  insurances all that they don't want to be the risk and then there's the other it's also these  things provide cost basis if you die tomorrow and you've been a hardcore Bitcoiner stacking non-kyckyc  you don't even know your cost basis but you want to hand that down and then your child wants to  cash that out the bank is gonna come for every fucking last dollar they can and if you don't have  cost basis and transaction history and all this shit your child is much less off  whereas if you hold the shit on brokerage account they've kept track of it for you the whole time  and you're good to go it's just i don't know those things are yeah but we have to keep in line well  yeah i don't agree with that wait wait i don't really agree with that either  yeah because if if you are buying no i know i know what i'm saying is if you bought Bitcoin from coin  base or coin switch or even mount gocks there is a trans and it's all electronic it's  but if you're moving coins the way that they it doesn't matter i mean coin base shows false  cost basis is for all my shit nah these systems are gonna integrate seamlessly you watch somebody  who somebody who owns a shit ton of coin you know that wants to finally my grandkids want to sell  out and there's been no transactions outbound in my wallet but one day they want to sell out the  bank will take the asset if it's good they're gonna take it but the cost basis is gonna be  potentially much higher i mean i mean i'm saying like much lower either way  well no i'm saying like what do you mean if you're gonna be lower they can try to fuck you  is what i'm saying if there's no uh what if you made i mean i'm in a different position because  yeah like gambling on one offshore or all these things what what do they call it okay i want to  see something i want to say something i want to talk to you guys been saying a lot okay you guys okay  this is a Bitcoin die bar and i want to say this because i think we're getting away from what  originally Bitcoin is a purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash that will allow online payments  to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution right  that's the thing that we can't forget because as Bitcoin gets financialized and ETFs on these things  we're losing that system man that is what it is right you know that's what i'm saying but  i mean there's nothing for it and pushed out further like we're not talking about Bitcoin  we have to keep in mind okay it's not just a USA there's all these other countries  right that are using Bitcoin in their own way so like Africa whatever right so we just can't be  just thinking okay well everything's gonna be uh ETF and stocks etc etc we have to also you know  keep in mind the rest of the world and how they can then use Bitcoin in their own way so  i mean i don't know how to say i just feel like we lose a little bit of what Bitcoin was originally  meant to be no when when we go through all this other like financial instruments i hate it right  i mean i like Bitcoin exactly what it is originally and i'm always gonna have my cost storage  i know people worry about okay you're the risk etc etc but we still need to uphold this sort of like  thing that Bitcoin is meant to be like separate money from state sort of thing as well i mean  calm down to us yeah i i think like saying it's meant to be the de facto peer-to-peer transaction  system to me like a lot of people would debate that but i think all of the self-custody  and not like anonymity um you know freedom to directly send you know wealth or value to other people  without a middleman is something we should all die on strongly even and it's funny because we  we hate the system so much for all the said reasons i just gave you  that they don't provide us like they know when we're transacting they're taking a piece of  every transaction right and yet we still play the game within it you know buying securities  proxies minors you name it hoping that the system will change um to me we're gonna get eaten by  the system that's the pessimist in me but i think we're headed there i don't see the bright future  that everybody wants to claim coming um where Bitcoin is the de facto transaction system where  um there's no middleman you can sell your house on the block like i don't know i just don't think  the world is going to accept that reality i can say something it's going to be a little  long-run but please allow me tell i respect the shit out of you seriously i do but that's a bunch  of horseshit because you are never going to be able to sell your coin without paying taxes and  i will i will and you live in a country where if you are able to do that you will not be able to do  it on a big scale i can go and buy land with my bitcoin and you cannot and i don't have to worry  about the government there are ways it's not so much in the u.s and europe but you can do these  activities under the radar and you can go to Dubai and there's no recourse and you can actually  declare your coins and there are no taxes so i want to talk about this earlier but you bought  these coins i want to say the first world people realized this one thing the minute you're  using peer-to-peer bitcoin there's something wrong you're like goldbugs shaving your gold  and transacting it because if you can't use your system because you're not going to be able to  hide it anyways right even if you are able to do under the radar activity where you're  changing bitcoin from maybe stuff it can be art it can be house it can well i don't think it's  going to be a house but small things right you're buying bullets you're buying guns you're buying  whatever survival items from bitcoin and you don't want the government to know it because that's  what bitcoin is let's be real you're talking about peer-to-peer okay you're doing peer-to-peer  you're going to farmer market you're buying steak and all that shit but why would i need to do that  if i have dollars and went more in cash app why would i use a lightning why would i use like oh  i'm going to help the bitcoin ecosystem i don't need to you live in california you don't need  lightning you don't need on chain activity you don't need and listen if you are doing it you can  do it maybe ten thousand dollars twenty thousand dollars a year that doesn't make a difference  right so the yes i've been africa in india and in china bitcoin is used peer-to-peer for two  activities where they don't want the government to know and they're and also bitcoin is the best  chore of value for these people like i live in the country where the currency devalues a lot faster  so i am not touching my bitcoin and i don't need to touch my bitcoin and when i've been doing  do need to touch my bitcoin i'm actually looking ways to borrow against it because the minute i  start spending my bitcoin for me that's a huge loss of asset it's not loss of money it's a loss  of asset and i have no way to replace it now let's say i was able to replace it who would take  bitcoin from me in a third world country what am i buying that i need to find a peer-to-peer  guy to take my bitcoin and maybe buying dollars that's it maybe i'm buying gold i'm selling my  bitcoin for fiat and buying gold so i bitcoin gives me a lot of utility to do all those things  but the minute you're doing it you're doing it in a society in a world where futures not  right do you understand that you want your children to be able to do whatever the hell they want  with their bitcoin and all your bitcoin is declared and you don't want them to face the IRS  right so they're going to pay their taxes so i don't know what we're talking about to be very  honest another question yeah go ahead so what do you i say you you're never gonna use your  bitcoin you're just gonna use asset as far as it's like a store number go up number go up  not going to use the portran act hammer really all trends yes oh man that's just yeah gambling yes i  use it to gamble which has been the dumbest shit ever no matter what every time i've put in bitcoin  on a gambling site even if i make money i generally end up withdrawing last bitcoin so fucking down  so it's a cool part here's a thing if the u.s. passes that the minute the minimus what are  law tax law where no no capital gains tax for six hundred dollars or less transaction with bitcoin  i believe everybody's gonna use a bitcoin for transaction there's gonna be so many big pointers  who are gonna start using it like left and right like not just with stake and shake but just  everything in general they're gonna be using it i definitely will be the one who will be  using it does to do these transactions to purchase something i need or food or whatever i'm not  gonna hold it i mean i'm not gonna i'm not gonna hold it because that's what bitcoin's supposed to  give you as supposed to not give you a better life and you you you have to use it to live that life  right so if there was a nice restaurant out there right now and those don't cap gains tax  we go out to eat for what a few hundred dollars meal i'll do it i'm literally gonna do it i'm  i'm not gonna think all this meal that i'm eating it's gonna be a thirty thousand dollar meal in  the future or something like that i'm not gonna do that i mean yeah you were early but some people  10 million stats is is all they have and they're not spending those 10 million stats bro because  they're relying on that yeah that's fair that's fair but i think a lot of big corners they they  will because they actually do want to not just like you know okay get wealthy but they're also  as somewhat of a revolution that that now makes people want to push for the sort of thing like  that's one of the things that when i discovered bitcoin how i felt last i want to be part of  something that's a fair system no someone of a revolution you know people are asking me oh  bitcoin is 69 thousand dollars did you sell and i was like no they're like why right because i've  been talking to them since four thousand dollars they're like they get this weird look on their face  like why i'm like you know it's more than just vanilla and everybody in the chat saying that  the cost basis becomes whatever the price of the market is when they  put it on an exchange that's completely wrong by the way the cost basis does not reset to the  current market value and get to do your children when you give stock your child inherit your  original cost basis which is the price you originally paid for the stock this means that if  the child later sells the stock they will capital gains tax on the difference between the sale  price and your original price not the price they receive it whoever was saying that vanilla was  saying that that's not true i have a question to Alex and i have a question to Alex and  how very important i tweeted about this yesterday i'm going to be short will you be comfortable  giving yourself custody a bit going to your kids in that form or would you be more comfortable  giving them a bit good question um i will teach them i've already actually taught  how my kids they actually know how to do some stuff like the older one does um definitely both  i would definitely do both because i need to ingrain into them let's say you have to know how to  do this because it's very important right you need to know this sort of thing this is sort of  the future and it will probably be easier in the future right it won't be at complicated but um  yeah i'll definitely go my my answer to that is bitcoin like many things even as you grow up  you need to learn skills that make you an independent autonomous person you need to learn how to  think for yourself to the best your ability with whatever genetics you're given you need to  you know strive for better things and learn how to manage your life in the independent  learning how to self-custody is just a part of that and if my kids didn't know how to self-custody  like fine maybe they want to sell maybe they don't actually want to take the responsibility  holding it they should at least know how to i probably failed as a parent if they don't know how  honestly um so i think i just yeah i've included in the i've included in the bucket of like  all other skills that you need to develop you know um we all have our weaknesses but um maybe  AI is retarded vanilla because i just googled step-up cross basis and i think you're right now  when our eyes are so teaching inheritance of stock and it's saying that there isn't but now i'm  seeing yet some kind of tax provision so just like the backdoor Roth bro vanilla's got the  fucking alpha bro so i think you're right by teaching them how to operate a gun self-defense  self-custody all that is important but how much would you trust them as my question i'm not  asking whether you would teach them and yes of course like what's the ratio they definitely both  but because you don't want to risk because listen you are in the one percent or in the five  percent of holders right even if you have one Bitcoin i believe you're in like the top elite  and this will not be saying that one Bitcoin is enough to retire i'm just saying you're in like  the 10% if you want more than one or you want one so that's a lot of money by the time you die  it's like you know million two million three million maybe 13 million that's what sailor says  but you how would you ratio it between i bet and a trust in a trust or you know i have a friend  who literally said he's going to create time lock wallets and every that wallet opens every 30  years i don't know how much of a lot that is he's trying to make this multi-generational inheritance  because he has so many coins no no i don't like that idea i think the more complication you put  into the process for them to get what they need to get it just makes it they might not even get it  because of complications and you don't know what other x factor to come into play that may affect  that so you can't say you can't be so concerned about all if they have this windfall wealth and you know  that they're going to go crazy with and things like that but you don't know how individuals  going to react how they're going to care what they're going to do you can't predict that  but i rather say hey make it easy make them so that they actually get it right imagine they're  not able to get it due to whatever reason right they'll be like blaming you forever right why  why make it so difficult i can't and and what's worse is what if they actually need that money  for their life right to do something whatever maybe the case and they can't get it due to that  so it complexity you add it in i think for me i'm just gonna make it super easy um actually  you know have trust things already set up for my kids right so things are just racial racialized  fifty-fifth years everything yeah fifty-fifth years thanks for being honest i think uh  my answer to that would be completely dependent upon the society that we live in  fifty years from now when i'm 85 or 80 or 75 like can you imagine what the financial system will  look like fifty years from now no you can't guess what we may not even trust the banks the banks  may be completely corrupt and we may be harboring all our coal storage you know um i think  i'm going to have more coal storage there may be there may not be a bank right no more other  the right fee up there will be banks  yeah big one big one big big one big you know she and Al Finney said there will be banks  so there's so many people they'll have said that within 50 years the dollar will be gone or  it will be like most people are interested there's always going to be a worthless fiat bro  the people that run the world are different sure there's always a worthless fiat so they can  get all the dope shit for cheap because they print you better hope so why would you not do that  i haven't asked you run the world there's a lot if you own the means of control why would you give  it up you know yeah of course like and i never do the same thing with bitcoin that they did  with gold and see you guys one of you guys was talking about it is that when you have free the  money made gold or bitcoin or land or oil they're slowly slowly like incentivize you to take it  with them you know either property or whatever and then smart contracts and that to give you that  nice yield which is so attractive and you get to hold your asset and you get to make get rich off  it and get income off it and slowly but surely like they did with gold because what the problem with  gold was that oh i can't take my money gold from America to England and vice versa so there was  these gold certificates which i used like the Rothschild bank or the JP Morgan and then slowly  would happen they started issuing the fiat which the fiat standard they talk about it issuing gold  certificates then surely they were just printing gold out of ten years through this paper gold and  now we have paper bitcoin which let's for now let's say it's peg one to one with bitcoin um  sorry and what happened it's not going to be in the future and they're going to just print fiat so  self-custody or bitcoin you know it'll be captured but what that does is let's say that they capture  60% of the supply and now they have logged it not you can use as a stable coin and they have it  and you're putting it in the bank and you can't get you can't say that you didn't own it right  so let's say that 40% of the supply or 30% of the supply is free well guess what you have dollar  parity sat parity or you have for every 10 sats it's one dollar and there you go you're using sats  like peer to peer i believe that in the white paper when they said peer to peer electronic money  it meant at a time when half and he said one bitcoin is ten million dollars right and at that point  one sad buys you what a dollar buys you but it's a hundred million dollars but in purchasing power  you know ten sats is going to be a lot of money so that's peer to peer money when i come to Alex  and i say okay i'm giving you ten sats can i buy something from you and he says sure  here's ten sats nothing matters you know and everything is deflationary so  but coin is resilient to all these 6102s it's all already baked in the cake you think like  Satoshi Nakamoto which the 35 year old developed into bitcoin through like e-cash and all that stuff  you think they didn't think of this that oh one day they're gonna if we print this if we make this  decentralized little commodity and the government will capture 70% of it what happens  well what happens the 30% supply becomes rare and then 30% supply dominates the  loyalty of the system and if you want to go in there uh uh sensible cracking digital currency you  go in that jurisdiction and there will be jurisdiction where your sats will be accepted  Switzerland to buy uh satials Cyprus there'll be all these jurisdictions that don't give a  fuck where the money came from they just want your sats correct right and that's what i'm saying  that's what the rest of the world they may not be that they're gonna use bitcoin their own way  right it's not all these stocks and ETFs like the US has it's gonna be like Africa it's gonna be like  all these other countries what use of for a medium exchange instead of a store yeah i mean you  will be able to buy 10 acres of land and 10 million sats sorry go ahead Alex no i was gonna say  how many banks at this point have been caught laundering cartel money because they don't care where  it comes from they'll take and slap on their wrist and the slap on the wrist is like it let's  call it two percent of what they actually made off the transaction they don't care where it's from  they'll always be a place where you can bring sats when it's a rare commodity and it's not state owned  makes total sense and let's say that um you know over time it goes from the 30% that's not government  owned to 20% because people are probably you know transacting with the government or making deals with  them where they slowly gather more of the supply probably as it dwindles down we'll see even more  fragmentation of what remains so like if there's 20% left that went down like let's say there was 30  percent of the supply that we owned that was still valuable five years later it's 20% we're probably  just operating with smaller increments in how we transact now because it's even rarer as a sort of  currency that we can transact with right and how that gets like  evaluated over time it's hard to say like they'll be like a sort of delusion maybe but  or not delusion I guess like an appreciation as it sort of dwindles but um yeah I mean I just  yeah I don't think it's a problem yeah the larger amounts um it's gonna be sort of like  international settlements between countries right so they'll settle on let's say  five or ten bitcoin for gas or oil and things like that that's that's what the future probably  be right while we deal with stats they're dealing with like ten bitcoin oh that's a special  moment oh here we go oh what's going on oh what's that free meal hot food that's  seeming meal hot food hot meal don't talk don't say that's not a servant  20 pants you guys caught me he gets caught he gets a free meal it's like dude he's like  living paradise right now just chilling on a bitcoin stream just getting free food  say man I feel third world and I don't like it you're still white at least it's true but like isn't  South Africa white in third world ish no South Africa is actually first world no no question is  we live in the first world like us but we're not living like these scurses like he's living like  grand right grandios so which one's better that's where I come back I come back to be spoiled  I get sick of India and go out and live the freedom hobo backpacker life it's not backpacker but  you have to do your own shit but I mean I do have a Thai girlfriend like she's gonna be  cleaning the bedroom and everything doing the dishes I'm not doing that because she has to pull  in right now it's a girlfriend oh we all know what in the world man so can I ask you a question  not to make it an interview but this is like me from third world to first world in the sense  you guys are way ahead financially and would you  um what about now  I shouldn't Jesus Christ put it out there do people in the first world or non-KVC corn if  what would be the ratio between the KVC non-KVC and do they do that  a lot of people okay okay yeah there's a lot of people who do mining and  they they buy from other people from the parking lot right  exchange there's a lot of people that own non-KVC for sure  so a person of good network like yourself is I'm not saying you but do you like you  hold on if I see so I don't I mean  I mean of course there's a lot of KVC right because okay perfect that's good enough  saying for you Alex being in Canada seeing the truckers protest did it inspire to go more non-KVC  not that you did but did it get it in your head and do people own non-KVC in Canada  uh yeah they do I mean I wouldn't say it inspired me because I was sort of already on that train  I was already so distrustful of the government and big banks that it was obvious they were  in cahoots with each other and that um you know digital security was important um  but yeah I'd agree with Tal like a lot of people own KVC and don't I think it's I  I couldn't even give you an estimate on like the the balance though I wouldn't even know honestly  yeah  yeah yeah in India 90 percent is non-KVC 95 percent is non-KVC I know somebody who have 98  person in non-KVC not gonna say his name yeah I think I know who you're referring to  obviously yeah who does mining right who does a lot of mining no no no nobody mines in India nobody  and uh they're mostly like this I know people who have paid 10 percent for non-KVC  decoy because there's a premium actually yeah there is a green mark yeah  yeah I'm gonna tell you a story now now now now that you're talking about this time I'm  gonna tell you a story is funny because like you know there's people I talked about Bitcoin and  they listen some listen some don't and it's like it's been a while right but you know when we first  jumped to $50,000 it was a big deal right people were celebrating wow we're at 50k Bitcoin  and so I'm at this sort of like party hanging out people and they do it comes up to me  and talking about Bitcoin like oh yeah they they say that they have a group of friends that  also play poker with lightning and etc right but like you know one of the guys which I know  fairly well he said do you know anybody who's willing to sell me or it's not him but sell  somebody one whole Bitcoin and they'll give them they'll give you $50,000 cash  right because he wanted that non-KVC like you say they want they want that there's people  literally out there they'll give you $50,000 cash you just send them one whole Bitcoin now  when he asked me that and Bitcoin's fitting it I said you know what wow now you're talking to me  about Bitcoin now you're doing this which means someone else is interested in it I said I don't  know anybody that's willing to give up their Bitcoin I say everybody that I know wants to hold  their Bitcoin they don't want that $50,000 cash but the fact that there's these conversations out  there I bet you does a lot of this going around a ton of this going around like different countries  that just want the Bitcoin they have cash okay they have cash and if people who are willing to say  you know yeah apart with one Bitcoin like no one's gonna sort of know right you you send them  that one Bitcoin like you get cash and it's just like a transaction right it's a transaction  I just have oh right they're not gonna be able to trace that for that individual whatever that  individual does with the Bitcoin then what right so it's very to me I think I know it's like like  public blockchain and things like that but tracking wise and I know we're very advanced and  sophisticated with tracking but I still think it's still not so simple right just just like when  when the guy what sent 80,000 Bitcoin and they moved 80,000 Bitcoin and people was trying to guess  like who what where like what happened I thought it's very easy to track but no right we still  didn't know so so you think about it it's pseudononymous right yeah we don't know for sure  yeah all right Sani time chain and next set of projects I would be going who wants to sell a  Bitcoin for cash wouldn't they wake up in the morning like honestly who is uh who's taking the  double and other people want to move there are people I mean that's when you have local Bitcoin  back in the day there was local bitcoins dot com right where you meet up with somebody through  a website and then you go to I hear stories I talk to these people right  he'll I'm gonna do aren't you scared you're sitting in a car with this person you can't see like  Nash and another you had him like cash and and they send you a Bitcoin like they did it literally  live I was talking to some guy a long time ago about that he told me that's how he got his Bitcoin  he said he did that he was not even sure about it till he was like kind of scared of doing it but  then he thought this is you know he wanted to say anonymous and so I'm like okay interesting  you see my screen now bro it's yeah I just want to show you your shit's gonna keep lagging and don't  ask yeah bad that video is right and before you put this all right all right all right all right  all right all right fucking internet sorry about that 10 10 I I shared a message with you  on your profile and if you don't mind or I'll send you to the Bitcoin die bar you need to show  our viewers what happened in Mumbai two days ago where Bitcoin basically made oh like  yeah the Lambo and so this guy he's literally parading in Mumbai with a yellow Lamborghini  with a big Bitcoin logo on it and like all around it and it's not it's not she's not she's  he I guess he is because on the back of the Lambo he writes in 2020 you're making Dalgona coffee  I was buying Bitcoin on coin switch like just a flex and I think it's super based all the super you know  sus but just want to show you like big coins making a show in India which is very rare and about  I'm gonna tell you a story for you about KYC non KYC if you if I may I have a friend who shall  remain nameless let's just say he's like very white Indian and he also has a servant he  arranged for his parents to buy Bitcoin and they did and he just wanted him to buy more and more  and more and more and we were like in 60s and 50s we went to 50s is it a please buy please buy more  they're like no when it comes back to 69 we're gonna try to sell one and if we are able to find  a liquidity provider or the person was willing to buy our Bitcoin add a moment notice  on a Sunday we will buy more so they sold one full Bitcoin a guy came with a duffel bag of cash  15 minutes didn't count didn't wait for the confirmation just saw the transaction ID left  obviously he's got his Bitcoin and then the duffel bag and this guy's father were just  staring at it because it was faster than a bank was faster than selling gold was faster than  selling real estate and there was no questions asked and it took less than 15 minutes and the only  reason it took 15 minutes is because the guy was fiddling with the ledger and trying to find the  lowest sat he could do and the guy said oh just fucking put in any fucking sad I'm fucking  out of here put in 20 sat per week by I don't give a shit I'll pay the fee and so it would have  taken five minutes and that's the moment when they said oh this is the very liquid acid probably  more liquid than anything we have and on a Sunday a guy came with cash no question that was one  Bitcoin so that means sixty nine thousand dollars and then my friend was after his parents okay you  did the test transaction you was not my friend I don't know I know him I buy Bitcoin from him  I sell Bitcoin to him if I have to and you have no problem selling this in any country 24-7  I have enough people that you can sell it in any country 24-7 for cash so they try to buy it back  they never bought the full Bitcoin so two lessons here yes so the when I was able when the friend  was able to convince his parents that Bitcoin is very liquid super safe very in demand even in  India the dark markets the gray markets have huge demand for Bitcoin that was the orange build you  so just that non-KVC Bitcoin is the Bitcoin to have as long as I'm concerned yeah I mean I think  there's a lot of interest from the fiat side like I think there's a lot of people willing to throw  down a double bag to buy but I'll bet you in that example your buddies parents could have found  many buyers lined up and there wasn't too many of them trying to dump that coin right like that's  why no questions asked people are coming over and they're like okay let's do the deal yep I'll  even give you a little extra if you want yeah I be they own premium yeah um yeah it is kind of  I imagine too and it like is this the case in in India generally or even Thailand that  like it's far more non-KVC just because there aren't trusted entities taxes trusted entities taxes mostly  taxes everybody used to take your cash but it's it's changing it's changing slowly slowly everything  is becoming more KVC because the two markets the white market and the black market they're racist  even in money so white is which is declared and black is which is not declared so all real estate in  India like I believe the black GDP of India is actually big it actually is bigger than the white GDP  the declared GDP um when government is changing that so a lot of people are now using their cash  apps and Venmos and people are not earning much money either than inflation they're not able to  afford much so they don't care like they're declaring all their shit because unless you're making a lot  if you're making a lot you kind of have to not declare it and then you find assets like gold and  real estate to park it and so Bitcoin is the best parking it's the best parking take it to Dubai take  it to Singapore remember your 12 words go there do whatever you want yeah well thanks I mean India is  an interesting country because your economy is accelerating so fast and you're like in many  respects a modern economy that's about to explode past China in the US if you go out far enough  but at the same time well not do you know it's never gonna happen right well like your growth is your  growth is on a higher as steeper curve but that's besides the point the I mean when these industries  get big enough and economies mature governments want a piece that's part of it too and so they start  hunting right because they know how much money they're leaving on the table for taxes and I think  that's how a lot of these economies like Mexico is going through that right now I know Mexico really  well because it's been a ton of time there the government is really starting to crack down on people  or ID and filing taxes and there's real consequences now if you're caught cheating or if you're dodging  that didn't exist 10 years ago wasn't a thing um and I imagine Bitcoin is going to go down this  path to where non-KYC is going to get crack down hard and there's going to be real penalties which  sucks but I think we might go that route really quickly um be scared  be be scared it's literally the widest Indian dude I've ever seen in my life  it's not even close he wins by at least four  shit housery so just just letting you know the comments in there be scared  I saw it not the chat I saw it oh so you want to do tie friendly in on a live stream dude you  don't want to participate in this like what's your two sets are you like pro-KYC do you own boat  have you convinced your parents to buy some what's up with that I know you have rich grand  parents not admitting the tax fraud on videos so I support no no but okay  welcome me too me too me too me too you should everybody should pay their taxes  Havana wants me to explain you what the Havala system is if you are interested in that  that's the bitcoin network before bitcoin existed and it's thousands of years old  so these are a chain of like cash merchants fiat merchants all around the world it's a big network  and it's it's cast based it's religion based so they're muslim who call it a Havala and there's  Hindus who call it uh angria and I don't you don't even remember those words what I'm trying to say  is like according to you're a Hindu or a Muslim you have these if you're born in the right cast you  become a part of these fiat merchants all around the world it's a network so if I want to send  money to Tau or Tim or Alex I can go to my Havala guy he takes maybe 0.1 percent commission  that's it right 0.1 percent commission and the cash will be delivered to you from his contact  in Toronto Ontario I don't know where he is Los Angeles and Arizona I can literally send you  fiat without using a bank without using any digital rails just using cash and that's bit I use  I when I got to know about bitcoin I said this is the bitcoin network before bitcoin was invented  because is it permissionless it's a decentralized and people use it every day and you know who  uses it the most politicians in India use Havala system the most to get money out of the country  there because they're robbing us yeah so just wanted to mention that  I know a friend who's bought bitcoin through Havala from a guy in Canada that white Indian  with a slave should also remain unnamed will remain unnamed so bought a lot of yeah we've been doing  two hours and 15 minutes what do you want you want to keep going up to you Tim set Tim you look  pre-checked out let's call yeah what have been three hours in if we started on time  shout out all right it happens it's okay I'm why we don't start on time usually so  hey wouldn't be the dive bar if we started on time right if it was  the dive bar you know you're supposed to start a little bit late  all right let's want to show how yellow my eggs are on sardine toast sorry  fucking still steaming somehow no no I ordered a second one all right land the land the plane  my man all right this has been episode eight while b-scarce eats his breakfast prepared by  his servants bitcoin is currently at one sixteen eight once again the show's brought to you  a strategy and Michael sailors some are scientific and cures light the mountains are always blue  and it's always five p.m. somewhere we're going to ride off into the sunset with our outro song  so I'm going to leave the discord all come back in or if you guys want to space whatever you want  thank you guys we'll see you tomorrow at this time again it's 10 p.m. eastern standard  Monday through Friday you will catch us here hopefully as long as we're on time so thank you guys  and we'll see you we'll see you next time appreciate it  okay all right like the point is if if you have the superior asset it's going up forever more  forever I mean right but I mean we can all look the coins sort of as forever more people  that use fiat fiat currency as a store of value we call them we pour  we call them we pour people that use fiat fiat currency we call them poor we call them poor  we call them poor we call them poor there's a name for  we call  we call them we call  we call them  You

================================================================================
KEY TERM OCCURRENCES:
================================================================================
similar: 13 times
meta planet: 10 times
meta-planet: 4 times
nine dollar: 3 times
below nine: 1 times
