.  .  What's up, scene people? Welcome to the Quinky weekly live stream. I love Shepherd here,  just said that on the, on the intro. And I'm like, you know what? That's what we're going.  That's my, my audience needs a nickname. And it's, it's not going to be like the Wilkertopians  or the, the Quinky loyalists or any of that. We're just going with sane people. So thank you,  sane people for tuning in. That's right. We have 23 people watching live at the moment.  That's all the sane people on earth. Good on you. If you're here, you've made the cut,  everybody else get them out of here. Hi, everyone. I'm Kurt Wilkert Jr. and this is the  Quinky weekly live stream. I've just alienated everyone who's not watching. So don't even bother.  Don't even like subscriber hit the alert bell. It doesn't matter. You know what? We want fewer people.  We just, we want the best possible little audience. And that's it. So let's, let's make that app.  I've been fired. All right, everybody. So it's Tuesday at 2 PM Eastern Standard Time. And I need to  apologize to my sponsors and remind you to go ahead and use rock wallet. The number one,  all non custodial wallet. Yes, you have BIP 39 access to your seed phrase, which means those  are your coins. It's your Bitcoin core, Bitcoin cash, Bitcoin SV, Ethereum, USDC, and USDTCBDC,  and a new money stablecoin, only available on BSV and Ethereum. But also it's a really good time  to be using on BSV because just like your Tesla, it uses no gas. And that's real popular lately.  I'm hearing. So that's the, so we're going with also. Thank you to the otherworldly TCG folks for  donating every single week to the comment of the week. So if you come up with, and this is  one of the best opportunities because it's an ask me anything show today. So make a, make a good  question, comment, bless and curse and great, great or grope. And you could win the comment of the day  courtesy of the fine folks over at otherworldly TCG who are probably watching live at Treddy's tacos.  So enjoy everybody. Good to see you. Send me an orchata, please. Yeah. So everybody, good to have  you here. And like I said, it is an ask me anything show. I'm going to need you to fill in the troll  box, which I might be a mirror vision, which means it's over here, but I don't actually know.  So for me, it's over here. But if you could go ahead and just ask anything you want,  primarily about, you know, the Bitcoin ecosystem, the blockchain ecosystem, we can talk a little  bit politics, religion, fitness, military history, you know, whatever you want. Like we can,  we can go into some things. I won't go super far down on the rabbit holes, but I do like to go  just a little bit when I get the opportunity. But you got to lead it. I'm not just going to take us  to, hey, let's talk about, you know, watershed down or whatever. It's a rabbit hole joke for all  the literate people here, which we have the same people. Now we have 67 people. So both the same  people and the literate people have showed up for the show. And I've hit my microphone. So  I'm really, really going to have you everybody. Before we cut to our ad, I want to remind everybody,  please check my pen post on X. I wrote an article today. I wrote it over the last couple of days,  but I published today about the power of AI or LLMs or whatever you want to call them in your  DevStack. So are you a developer? The answer might be changing right before your eyes.  So if you have any conceptualization, if you know what you want, why you want it, and what you  want it to look like, how you want it to operate, that might be the only thing that you need to become  a vibe coder, everybody. That's right. Vib coding is the new fun way to create applications from  the nether. Now you will need subscriptions of things like Claude and some of these other  organizational tools. And but here's the thing, you can have chat GPT, which a lot of people have  a subscription to, or if you're a premium user on X, you can use GROC. GROC Max, well, I'm calling it  now. If you've seen any of my arguments with it over on X last couple of days about BSV versus  BTC, but you can use any of those tools to help you get yourself set up to become a vibe coder. So  through the basic process, it's not exhaustive, it's high level, it's meant to be a little bit  fun, a little bit funny, but also the information in it really can get you about 90% down the path of  becoming a vibe coder. And then launching your app using the Bitcoin SV tool stack, including the  Go SDK, the TypeScript SDK, wallet toolbox, and a whole bunch of other stuff. So please read my  article and yeah, learn, learn to vibe code. We are going to be the AI first AI forward blockchain  for development. I think it's going to be pretty pretty cool. So I think you can do it. I believe in  you everybody. So I am going to take a breather. You are going to come up with the most engaging and  thrawling and ticing questions that we have ever had on and asked me anything episode of the  CoinGeek Weekly live stream during the 30 to 45 seconds while I quit my whistle and I have  already screwed this up. And we're going to come back and we're going to answer your questions.  So everybody, you keep being you. I'm going to keep being me. We're going to play that ad and we will  be right back.  And we're back, everybody. That's right.  Let's start bringing up the questions. Actually, Mr. Oh, he did it. I see it. It's already on screen.  We're going to do the questions. They're going to flow here. It's a new overlay from StreamYard.  Thank you. Thank you to StreamYard who didn't sponsor the show, but probably should.  My tin cup. Oh, they took away my tin cup. Please give me a cup and sponsor the show StreamYard.  That'd be great. All right, let's start bringing up some questions.  Mr. Producer.  Oh, I love to vibe code, but honestly, vibe coding PSV apps is still pretty f-ing hard.  How can we make it more accessible? Ruth, I'm so glad you asked.  So here's a first step. You need to pick what development stack that you want it to use.  So one of the things that these tools are not great at is making the same kind of assumptions  that you are going to have. They're going to have a predisposition toward things like Ethereum,  which is a very different programming environment than PSV or any other UTXO-based development stack.  Therefore, you need to explain to it exactly what tools it's using from top to bottom.  So I would recommend, because this is what I do, you give it the context of the docs over at  bitcoinskima.org, sScript.io, use jungle bus for data acquisition from the blockchain.  The one-sat ordinal's indexer is access to token data and all those other things.  Pre-programment to also be using the Go or TypeScript SDKs, and then also the wallet toolbox,  or if you want to use the handcash SDK or yours wallet or whatever else,  like you pick your wallet stack for doing that kind of deployment, but you get to  tell it all those basic things and tell your application, tell Clod or whatever you're using  that it's not allowed to deviate. And if it wants to deviate, it needs to explain to you why  and where it wants to go and whatever. And then it will give you the context on why you tell it,  like, no, no, no, no, no, we're going this direction instead. So that's your first  basic step, but I probably shouldn't announce yet, but it's going to be in two or three weeks,  okay? And so we have a few announcements of a few guests coming up. We usually kind of have a  rolling schedule for the next two or three weeks, like who our guests are going to be, but I have  someone coming on who is building a whole bunch of BSV-specific tooling, including an API to  an MCP server, which for anybody that knows what that's all about, it is basically pre-built  agent bots that are pre-programmed AI staff members, essentially, that have very specific  tooling that you can then outsource that to. So then you can tell Clod, hey, only access these  quote-unquote devs, but each dev is a robot. And then it gets really, really exciting that way.  So we're going to have that guest, the secret guest, that's right, please hashtag secret guest.  All actually, no, hashtags are now our shadow band on X. So do not hashtag, no secret guest,  but the secret guest is going to be on and start to explain with a little more depth,  some of the ways to do this. I shouldn't be the one to explain more than the high level, so I can  explain what happens underground. And it's going to be a really good time. Oh, good, my landscapers  are here to make a bunch of noise outside. So that's fun, too. Okay, next question, please. Let's  let's keep them rattling. Thank you for the question, Ruth. Good to hear from you.  What do you think about Trump by 2 billion in BTC? So I saw this headlion go by. I haven't  audited this, but I probably don't have to. Just like Michael Sailor and Jack Mollers and some of  these other guys, okay? They all let you know. So you got Sailor who's like, yeah, man, we just  bought, we bought a gun. We're going to keep buying. We're going to buy forever because the price is  going to go up forever. What do you mean? It's the best money in the whole world. As I grind  in his teeth and you know, talking at you through yesterday's lunch still still stuck up in there.  But anyways, he likes to claim that micro strategy is always buying. We buy only and  he's been called out more than once now by a few significant players. Hey, where are you  keeping these coins? Who's your custodian? Where is this stuff happening? Because as you know,  Bitcoin, any variation of it is pretty easy to track on chain. And when somebody like Sailor who  has a million coins plus, that should be pretty easy to figure out. Every time Michael Sailor says  he's buying 100,000 more BTC, where are those movements happening on chain? And you don't see  it happen. And so it begs the question, is he buying derivatives, is he buying promissory notes,  is he like, what's happening, right? So we don't really know what's happening.  Where are those coins going? If he's really spending billions and billions of dollars on BTC,  why is the price responding more to that than it has been? Same thing with Donald Trump.  Did he say where it's going? Is he given attestation of address? Or is this just,  I'll tell you the same thing. All right, everybody, you heard it here. Kurt Walker Jr. just bought  10 billion dollars worth of BTC. I just beat Donald Trump by 5X. Prove I didn't.  So, and this is the problem with these kind of attestations. It's a promise. And we don't know  where it's coming from. Also, there's a whole bunch of other, like, is Bitcoin designed to be a  treasury asset. And maybe that is one of its properties. It probably shouldn't be its primary  property, but that's what everybody's treating it like, you know, and all these other things.  So ultimately, Donald Trump, you know, he's, he's going to do what he wants. He's going to call  it a victory. He's going to gaslight you into saying, you know, prove, prove, prove that that's  what I said, I was going to do or what I wasn't going to do. Was it going to do it? Did I say  it was going to, I didn't think I said it was going to do it. Did you say what you're going to do?  It's just like, so I don't know. Anything Donald Trump says is a super entertaining, but B  should be taken with the biggest possible grain of salt that you can find. So, that's where we're at.  Next question, please. Thank you for the question, Mr. Balinsky. Next one, please.  Talk to me about Trump and XRP. Here we go. So XRP just passed the McDonald's in total market  cap. Okay. So McDonald's, one of the most storied corporations in the history of the United  States has been supplanted by XRP, an asset that is based on 15 years of promises, none of which  have been fulfilled at all, except for the fact that Brad Garlinghouse will get a nice new suit  every time he has to testify in front of Congress. And that's about it. XRP is not scalable,  not programmable, and basically breaks every promise it's ever made. It was like, hey, we're  gonna replace money gram. No, actually, we're gonna buy money gram. And then we're gonna  quietly sell money gram because we couldn't do anything with money gram because our tech stack  doesn't work. So XRP, probably the best meme in the blockchain space of the last 12 years,  like it literally doesn't do anything, but it has millions of rabid people that are like convinced  despite hundreds of promises that have been broken that like, oh, man, did you hear me?  Sentenders using it for doing this and Bank of America is using it for this and city groups doing  this over there and Axis doing over like, like Bank of London, did you hear Lloyds of London? Like,  none of it ever happens. Ever. And people just keep talking about it. Like it's new big thing.  Such that it continues to pump an XRP, which has never fed me a single burger in my entire life  has just passed up McDonald's and global market cap. So I don't know, man, maybe I'm the crazy one.  Mr. Balinsky. Does that mean the government now holds BSV2? How did that work? You mentioned  something like that in the past. Probably not. Here's why. The original SBR, the strategic Bitcoin  Reserve held by the US federal government was made by acquiring coins that had been confiscated  prior to 2017. So primarily from the Silk Road, which got taken down in 2014 if I recall,  but the confiscation of coins and all that might have might have legally occurred in 2015 or  or something. But either way, any coins held from before the split that have not moved since  the split will contain BTC, BCH, BSV, as well as a few other things like Bitcoin Gold and  probably 50 other coins that don't even actually exist anymore. But in that situation, I believe  it was 70,000 coins or something like 70,000 coins. And so that is BCH and BSV contained  with the BTC. So the US federal government has about 70,000 BSV on its balance sheet, part of the  strategic Bitcoin Reserve. Cool. I should also point out that the Trump acquisition is to his  private corporations. It's not federal government stuff, despite the fact that it's a little  bit hard to separate. Like, when is the US government doing something versus just Donald arbitrarily  saying, hey, this is where the world's going? But Mr. President Trump, private citizen,  actually not even probably, but probably president of a corporation that is also of the same name  acquired this $2 billion of BTC allegedly because it's not a public attestation of it that we  can verify. But that's probably just BTC bought from off the market. So he in all likelihood bought it  from Coinbase or probably one of their background liquidity people, which would be like  Converland mining or Blockfills or any of these other infrastructure companies that sort of  stream liquidity, but probably just a big OTC desk and probably just BTC. But can't verify because  he didn't give us the tools to do that. So it's going to be another one of those trust me, bro.  So Poppy, already I like this question. What are your thoughts on Reggie Middleton speaking on  Lightning Network infringing on end chain patents? Kind of feels like patents are kind of hell  as a carrot in front of us. Indeed. So two things. I really like Reggie. Reggie is a very forward  thinking money man. He predicted the global, what do they call it? The global financing  price of GFC, I think is what they call it. The housing collapse of 2008 and he called it a year  or two early. It was very, very vocal about it. Explained why and then he boarded up. It's absolutely  right. Now he was the founder of a project called Veritasium, the very token, claims to hold the  patents on the invention of DeFi, decentralized finance. That may be true. I don't, I'm not a patent  attorney. He seems to have the first patent application on those couple of things, but totally  outside of my pay grade to comment on whether he's the guy that has front run everybody on this  concept. But he acknowledges that the largest patent portfolio in the blockchain space is held by  end chain. And he has gone on the record multiple times and in pretty great detail that end chain  is the single most undervalued company in the blockchain space because of the value of those patents.  So he is a patent expert. He has read through a large chunk of end chains patents and said unequivocally  everybody's underestimating this company. And so that's his opinion. So he retweeted me. I said  something about how Lightning Network is essentially fake news. And I'll take a short tangent.  My post was essentially that the people that hijacked Bitcoin, the small blockers Cabal,  have told you that an unconfirmed Bitcoin payment is fundamentally dangerous because  it could get double spent and you can't trust it. Despite the fact that there have been  billions of unconfirmed transactions that later became confirmed and the percentage rate of  failure or double spend is in the 0.001 or maybe even more. It was more zeros. It is  some just infinitesimally small fraction of a single percentage point that have ever been  reversed or double spent on any blockchain despite billions of transactions. So we were talking about  quite possibly the most reliable transaction method in the history of all transaction methods.  And this small group of small blockers are like two dangerous, totally unmitigated risk.  We need to engineer a solution that is going to fix this problem and they gave us Lightning Network,  which for a decade had a greater than 50% failure rate for a decade. And they want us to believe  they are the most brilliant engineers in the history of all blockchain. Okay. So we are talking  about the most unreliable payment protocol ever invented. And the people that invented that  criticizing the people who invented the most reliable payment protocol ever invented.  And I'm just illustrating how insane this is. And then Reggie goes on and gives me the olive  loop. It's literally like I just shot the perfect shot and Reggie from like half court flying through  the air to catch the ball and dunk it on. Yeah. And by the way, Lightning Network also violates  various unchained patents and all this other stuff. So Reggie is super funny and super smart.  And I really appreciated the fact that he doubled down and made us both look like champs on that  post. So thank you, Reggie. And thanks for the question. It's pretty funny stuff. And as far as  my expertise goes, it appears to be true. Do you have any insight on token of eight business model?  How could they benefit from these laws like genius and clarity acts? So I don't have any deep  insights. Their public business model is fantastic. Essentially speeding up the kind of business  that you would be doing like NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange, and then various interbank settlement  related stuff. So kind of your hey, I wear a suit to work because I'm in the finance industry.  But big, big finance, big business. And it token of eight seeks to bring that business to  blockchain in such a way that it is made a lot more efficient, transparent, et cetera, et cetera.  This is good in regards to the genius and clarity acts because the genius and clarity acts are  demanding a whole lot more stringent regulation on reporting requirements. And that reporting  includes proof of funds, third party attestation, and a whole bunch of things. Such that even tether,  just the most beloved people in the blockchain space have had to say, looks like we're going to have  to tighten up the ship a little bit. We're going to have to figure out our collateral situation  in order to comply with. I think it was a genius act, but not the clarity act because the clarity  act is a little more about blockchains themselves, but the genius act applies more specifically to tokens.  My favorite thing about token of eight is actually that Richard Baker is involved, and Richard is,  in my opinion, just one of the most professional, classy gentlemen in the whole space, and  a really good product to make tradify more efficient, more transparent, et cetera. So  big fan, token of eight is a really cool company, and Richard is one of my favorite people. So  bullish on token of eight, and also just, you know, hope them for the best because I really like those  people. Next question, please. Ruth, can you give us an elevator pitch for what Mint Blue do? I  don't think I ever got a handle on it, and I'd like to know. Mint Blue is, I think of them as a  consulting company that creates software using the blockchain for the sake of making business  and enterprise better. In a very basic sense, they're actually, you could probably take 90% of  NChains pitch deck and apply it to Mint Blue, except Mint Blue is probably six to 12 guys instead of,  you know, 100 to 300, depending on the era we're talking about over at NChain, except for the  fact that with six to 12 guys, the Mint Blue people have successfully onboarded a federal government  in the EU to help streamline their taxes via tokenization, and they also have a number of other  clients that basically in like IoT tracking big, big commercial stuff. So they create toolkits,  they have a platform to allow companies to track various data via tokens on the blockchain,  and I think it, you know, if you pay them, they will also just kind of build whatever you want,  as long as you're focused on the verticals that their company is focused on. But some of the coolest  people, I love the Mint Blue guys, I don't think they get nearly enough credit for everything that they  do, especially given the fact that, you know, the BSV people talk about like, hey, like it's so  important to have enterprise and government clients and Mint Blue, as far as I'm aware, is the only  one that has actual enterprise and government clients right now that are putting transactions on  chains. So, you know, 100% endorsement on Mint Blue, hope that helps. What the heck is going on with  Taronode? Taronode is very near public release. I can't, unfortunately, dox details, but  I will give you another hint. So we have a guest who is deeply in the know, who is scheduled for  the next few weeks. I can't tell you exactly who or exactly when, but we're pretty pumped to have  said person on the show in the very near future to discuss the details because it is coming  coming soon. From a development standpoint and a testing standpoint, Gorilla Pool has run the most  recent iteration and some of the interesting things that have happened, like some changes to the  way that database basically the UTXO set and the timing on how long the database stays has created,  you know, other opportunities to do other things and there's lots of lots of little things going on  for like, oh, okay. So some of this bug testing that delayed the release, like what was that two  months ago, three months ago, has borne out. Like, oh, here's, here's bug. We discovered another  interesting bug and that's been worked out. Now it's back in testing for, you know, some of that  cool stuff, but I don't want to get two in the weeds on Terranode, not that I'm incapable. I just  don't know that it's necessarily good media, but I can tell you that it is coming soon, which, sorry,  has been a little bit of an abused phrase in the BSV space, but it is indeed coming soon and we're  really excited about it as people who have had the opportunity to run it and change website only  has a contact us page now. Are they still in business? So I have no inside view on N Chain. I  don't speak for them. I don't know. Certainly nobody is reaching out to me to say, hey,  Kurt, here's your update on N Chain, but I do know people who work there and I have like a social  relationship with them and they are, they're still working. I think, you know, just based on kind  of the stuff that happened over the last 18-ish months, I think they're, you know, essentially  retooling, reposturing and saying, okay, what is N Chain going to look like over the next five  years? Because it's first 10 years, we're very much defined by a very specific business strategy,  and I think that that's basically being calibrated for a, you know, the new era. But again,  this is my speculation on it. I am unfortunately unaware of the inner workings of N Chain or  whatever they're called. So next one, please, is Web3 IPv6 possible without a mature blockchain?  I guess it depends what you mean by mature. I know the Clarity Act has a lot to say about the  definition of the word mature as it pertains to blockchains, including that it is sufficiently  decentralized by all these various compliance metrics, and it's kind of a lot of lawyer talk,  which I'm also probably not qualified to discuss in great detail, but essentially,  if you can prove by these new pillars and these new pillars really are probably going to be  considered something to the effect of the blockchain, how we test going forward. So the how we test is,  I believe, what the FCC and FINRA use in order to figure out if something is a security or  and what is it, a security versus a commodity? And the security aspect of things is based on like  the expectation of a profit. And like, you know, what is the distribution of the equity and some  of these other things? Well, the Clarity Act seeks to add necessary components to blockchains,  because they are frankly just a slightly different asset class, and they have some specifics that  are unique to blockchain assets. And so that being said, if a blockchain is determined to be a mature  blockchain, it demands that it is public, decentralized, and a bunch of others, like five other pillars.  And so when that's the case, then something like your Web 3 IPv6 related stuff, I think becomes  easier. The reason for that is, well, not so much Web 3, which is kind of an undefined, it's a  murky concept, but IPv6 is a standardized internet protocol. In fact, that's what IPv6 stands for,  standards makers, the IPv6 forum, and then they have to deal with like nist compliance, and all  this stuff related to SOC 3, and all this other stuff, a bunch of jargon and hoo-ha from people  who have titles like Doctor in front of their names. And so if you have a mature blockchain that  is set in stone and public and all these other things, it becomes very easy for an association,  like the IPv6 forum, to then use that blockchain as part of their, you know, dev stack, or sorry, net  stack, internet stack rather, and use that moving forward. As for Web 3, it's super murky, undefined,  there is no Web 3 defining body or anything, at least not that I'm aware of, or it doesn't exist yet,  but that could change in the near future as well. So hopefully I answer that question, but some of  the details are murky because a lot of that is in flux, so there's not a very clear and deliberate  answer, just kind of a lot of conflicting opinions at the moment. What's the relationship between  small blockers and communism? Thank you, Brett. This is going to be the rest of the show. Is this  something they're intentionally disguising, or do they not understand the connection below the  surface? I think it's both and. I think there are some small blockers that are very clearly students  of the sort of Saul Alinsky, or let me thank some of these other folks, even your,  what's his name? Anyways, let's not have me think of Russian names live in the air that I'm going  to mess up, but no, so Saul Alinsky is a good one though. So Saul Alinsky is primarily an American  communist rebel rouser. He wrote a book called Rules for the Radicals. Trotsky, thank you, Mr.  producer. Mr. producer has reminded me Trotsky was another really, really good one who explained  a lot the way to coordinate movements. So how do you, how do you gear people up? How do you  arm them for the permanent revolution? And a lot of that stuff is related to your basic  populist strategy. Actually, you see Trump use some of the same kind of rhetoric in order to make  the the every man, the the regular person, the little guy feel like they have been oppressed by  some, you know, nebulous other. And therefore, you know, hey, we're all, we're all in this class war  together. And I see small blockers utilize a lot of that, you know, against the, we'll just  think about this. I think it like, think about your classical BTC person versus your classical  communist. Like, who are the villains, right? Big banks, big government, big tech,  and those kind of things. And so with those, you know, that group of common enemies,  they were able to put together what I like to think of as like a general strike, like a union  general strike in that, like with you at UASF, that the little guy needs to be able to validate  all transactions. And so they kind of weaponize, though, okay, we need to make sure the economy,  the BTC economy, the Bitcoin economy at the time, never gets too competitive for the little guy  to be able to run his own node. And like, your node is the most important part of the network. And,  you know, these kind of things. So there's lots of like those little rhetorical points that get  tangled up in this conversation about what it means to be a Bitcoiner. And for small blockers,  it's lots of little things that aren't exactly one to one, but they make a lot of rhyming and  echoing with communist propaganda about who should run the network, who's in control, where,  what is the power structure, what is the governance? And the governance is it's all of us.  It's everyone. There is no hierarchy. It's if, you know, social consensus determines what  Bitcoin is. So it's very Hagellian, which Hagellianism is the predicate philosophy that underlies  dialectical materialism and dialectical materialism is the underlying philosophy that informs communism.  And so they are related in a lot of ways. The problem is it's just like in the Soviet Union,  the Soviet Union was only communist and rhetoric, but it was pretty capitalist and practice. Because  if you were one of the people in power, you were doing underhanded deals with Theraka fellers,  or whoever else. Like, yeah, no, it's a people's revolution. But also, yeah, you can go drill  on this land over here and just make sure that the money filters its way toward me. And we'll make  sure it all comes out in the wash. So there is lots of that. Then, so you get all that social  stuff that is at the planning level. So I think there are some people that very clearly are  educated on that rabble rousing that comes from a hard left wing background. Secondarily,  you have the people that have just kind of come into the Bitcoin space and they just  they hear that rhetoric and think it sounds awesome because they think it's like,  hey man, the way that we resist is that we have to have lots of nodes and everybody's  got to be part of infrastructure and like all these other things. And like they're not overtly  communists, but they kind of become like your sort of 80, 80 IQ, I wish a lot of them put in  their handles, by the way. Like, hey, I'm an 80 IQ Bitcoiner. And because it's just like, man,  just, I don't know, state, state, um, stack sats. And so there's like the sort of soft followers.  They're like the, the, the carts. So there's like the engine on the front of the train that are like  educated, understand why they're communists. And then there's all the rest of them that just are  kind of along for the ride by de facto. So a little different, but good question. Thank you, Brett.  BTC future fake gold standard, then they start moving toward fractional reserves through second  layers. Yes. So this is the problem with, uh, in my opinion, using any hard asset as a, as  foundationally as a reserve asset, because if it is a reserve asset, then it only sits in one spot  and it only sits in one spot, then it's value, uh, can only be used by derivative. So think,  Isle of Yap. So if you look at, uh, the rise stones or race stones, if you're, uh, from the Midwest  like me and you say, hey, man, you got one, got any of them, race stones. But, um, the, the Isle of  Yap was a Pacific island where they would have these, these carved stones, which kind of look like a  big donut. And based on the size and weight and beauty of said stone, you had a certain amount  of credit on the island. And so your credit was derivative from the value of your, of your stone.  And it didn't matter if the stone was on your island and everybody could see your stone or  some of these stones would, uh, would sink in the ocean. Magic thumbs up. Some of those stones would  sink in the ocean, but you still got to use the credit because it wasn't the stone that had the  value. It's value is, is passed through to the credit system to what's essentially the fiat, um,  derivative of that asset. And so if you do the same thing, we did the same thing with gold in this  country, like, okay, gold is hard to use. And so the banks will hold the gold and they'll issue that  you these credit notes. And these credit notes are redeemable for gold. But why would you ever  redeem the gold? And so you have this, these dollars and whatever else. Well, if you do the same  thing with BTC and everybody decides, okay, BTC, it's too expensive for me to move, but I got to pay  with some things or what do I do? And you have custodians come in and say, well, give you this  way to pay. You never have to move your Bitcoin. You have to trust us to hold on to it because we're  going to issue you this card. They're not going to give you cash, but they're going to give you  some derivative credit asset. You're going to trust them as a custodian. And that's always,  always, always, always how inflation starts. And so I don't see any way around that. I think that's  exactly what's what's going to happen. So good question. Next one, please. Tell us the relationship  between AI and blockchain. Uh, so there's no overt relationship with AI and blockchain.  But I think blockchain is going to be one of the key things that makes AI actually useful,  especially your public blockchain and your public AI. So something like chat GPT is accessing  the internet, accessing all kinds of databases all over the place in order to, quote, unquote,  think for you. Um, here's the problem. When your AI hallucinate something or comes up with  sources that aren't real or references, uh, an author or an app or a white paper or something  that isn't actually real, the reason for that is that somewhere it received bad data and it  thought that data was real and it fed it to you as if it was real. We've seen this with, um,  some of these AI's accessing weird Reddit forums where like it just can't come up with the  context to understand that the entire subreddit is sarcasm. And because it doesn't understand that  it's sarcasm, it just takes it at face value. This is part of the reason why so many public AI's  become Nazis, um, at which Grock did what like three weeks ago turn itself into, I think it called  itself mecca hit where by the end of the day and the reason is it doesn't have the ability to  understand when, you know, large groups of people are making a conversation that is at least a  little bit sarcastic or has some context about, you know, social commentary or a meme where the  culture understands, okay, this is half kidding and, you know, maybe half illuminating some social  or political issue, but it's also meant to be half funny and the AI can't parse the difference  between those things. And so it starts to take on opinions that it thinks are valid without  understanding the context. So it's a little bit like if you moved to a foreign country and you're  pretty good at the language, but you're not a native speaker and then they use colloquialisms  that are based on something that happened in the country a hundred years ago and you don't know  that history. So you don't understand like, where does that phrase come from? Why is it funny? What  is that like what's actually happening there? And so to get back to the question, how do AI and  blockchain work together? Have blockchain certification proof of work validated truths? So have that  data be vetted approved? Perhaps upvoted by locking value on those things or by proof of work or by,  you know, some process by which vetted people have like some editorial control over the nature of the  data and you start to be able to incentivize it. You have to create the incentives to make sure  that the AI understands what real data like, hey, this is medical data or this is legal history versus  this is fan fiction, you know, created by, you know, LGBTQI plus vampire fans that are going to talk  about, you know, something about, you know, that they've got this whole lore over here that is a  huge part of their life and the AI has to understand that, hey, this is a, this is a niche community  and I can't take their opinion as, you know, objective truth, for example, like they'd have to understand  the context of all those things. So blockchain as a data purification tool is going to be increasingly  important as AI becomes an increasingly used tool on and off ramps for BSV. I don't know what MCC  5815 is, but because it's Casey asking, I'm guessing it's a legal standard that I haven't heard of yet.  So Casey, maybe clarify because I'm now curious on an off ramps. So if you're not American or  British, you kind of have a lot of options. You can use like lots of Asian exchanges,  Kucoin works really well for a lot of people. Now for Americans, I don't think you're necessarily  a lot to use Kucoin. So you'd have to use a VPN and get a little crafty, but I would never  recommend you do that. I would never recommend that you go buy a VPN and set yourself up in a nation  that doesn't have those kind of KYC requirements and then set up an account at Kucoin. You know,  make all that happen for yourself. But if you're an American or UK EU orange gateway, like absolutely  kicks ass, I've used it myself, works really, really well. You can be in and out in two minutes and it's  like fantastic. And then also rock wallet. So rock wallet works a little bit more like an OTC  desk in the app. So you can you can do the app easily for anything under $5,000, but it's a  certain amount per day based on again, KYC ML laws. But if you're a larger client, if you want to buy  like 10 grand, do 100 grand or like, hey, I like to buy 10 million a week, make a deal with  rock wallet OTC. And I think that's probably your best bet in the US. So thanks for the question  though, Casey. And let me know at that MCC. What was it? 5, 5, 1, 8 or whatever. Let me know what that is.  Hi, Jack. What happened to sent me? So the I can tell you what I don't know and then I will tell  you what I don't know what I do know is that there are notes out of sync. And that's it. That's all  I know about it. What I don't know is why it's out of sync and why their customer service line  doesn't respond to anybody or why Lauren hasn't responded to anybody. And I will tell you right now  that the whole thing has me as concerned as it does anybody else for two reasons. The first reason  is is really unfortunate, sent me was a nice tool. And I hope they're just having a struggle and  they'll be back and everything will be fine for the next decade. But also, Lauren is one of the  coolest guys I have ever met in the Bitcoin space. Like he is a straight shooter and an honest actor  and a hard worker and frankly just really kind and authentic and genuine. And there's a part of  me that is worried that he is in like maybe not just financial woes but might actually be in some  kind of physical trouble or something because I can't get a hold of him and I'm concerned. So  Lauren, if you're out there, I'm not calling you out. I am concerned as a as a friend and an ally  here. And I really hope to hear from you soon. And I really hope you don't hear all my landscapers  over my voice. So maybe Mr. Producer, you can let me know how bad that is. Also, Oliver Smith.  What role does BSV play in enabling waffle transparent enterprise solutions?  So BSV in particular, sorry, the noise may not be distracting you but it is distracting me.  So I apologize. The role that any blockchain can play in such a thing is actually the same as any  other block except for one small detail is that BSV is scalable which therefore makes it  useful regardless of the size of the data and cheap to access regardless of the size of the data.  And that's a very important distinction. But what every blockchain can offer to enabling  waffle transparent enterprise solutions is the fact that it's a public database where the data  is hashed and you can just search via that hash. And then with that hash, you can see, okay,  here's the timestamp of when important thing happened. And therefore enterprise solution like  by audited logs or the fact that, you know, I have to comply with some tax policy or something  that's just one way to do it. It is a triple entry accounting system if it is a proof of  a blockchain anyways. And, you know, therefore it is useful in enterprise because it helps  compliance with things that require third party audit and some of these other things. So  BSV is only superlative in the fact that you can do more of it for less money than on any other  database distributed database rather distributed public database. That's BSV's unique opportunity is  it can be bigger than a niche use case. It can be a global use case. And that's what makes that  special on that point. Next question, please. How can BSV projects start using MCC 5815 on ramps  like coin flow, work or crossman, instead of 6051? It's critical for mainstream adoption,  6051 gets flagged by banks. This is a little bit out of my, a little bit out of my wheelhouse.  So I don't know, I don't know the distinctions here. Oh, also just just getting just getting  a comms and can we turn down the background music just a little bit? I have received notification  that it is a little bit distracting. Next question, please. People want to hear me breathe.  Next question, next question. Anybody? Hello? Hello, Mr. Producer.  How do you see Trump's administration shaping blockchain regulation in the US?  Big mixed bad. I think one of the best things that has happened is the regulations  related to mining in the US and its relation to the energy industry. I think mining and the  energy industry are going to get closer and closer together until they essentially turn into  the same thing. And I think that is a generally good thing for both industries. However,  with everything else going on, I almost could not be more bearish and critical of the fact that  Howard Lutnik has the ear of the president on so many issues because he is the primary custodian  of Tethers real assets. I guess it's probably the right way to put it. They're actual dollar  store of dollars, which is what their business model always said that it was, but we know now  that it absolutely is not. And then they use banks in the Bahamas and other weird jurisdictions  in order to do the other side of their business, which in my opinion is probably the largest  money laundering operation in the history of the world, based on my research of it and in my opinion.  And I would guess that Lutnik is, you know, he's the guy that makes everything look  a-okay because Cantor, you know, put its signature of approval on it, but we know for a fact  they have been convicted of doing very shady things with their books, and it's a real problem.  And so the fact that Lutnik is one of the guys that is helping Trump lead policy from the Treasury  Department about blockchain regulation really, really gives me pause and gives me a huge amount  of concern. And then there's a lot of other little things. I really don't like almost any of the  people that he's got whispering in his ear about crypto. And so, you know, that's why we're seeing  stuff like Salonamine coins and Trump buying BTC as a reserve asset, investing in mining operations  that are focused on, you know, small block subsidy mining and all these other things. Like, yes,  it makes sense from a financial standpoint right now, especially if you're the kind of guy that  wants donors from rich people or donations from rich people, which, you know, crypto people have  gotten very, very rich very, very quickly and mostly by accident. And so that's a really good  donor slash voting block, but not good. I think I would argue it's probably a net bad outside of  the stuff that we've seen in the energy side of the mining policy stuff. I guess the other good thing  would be reduction of capital gains tax, especially on small payments. Like, that is also a net  good, especially for research and development. So anybody doing business, for example, like Gorilla  pulled is a lot of R&D and we're doing lots of little transactions and it would really suck to have  to, to play with, you know, keep a spreadsheet of, okay, so we sent this 10,000th of a penny and  it was this amount profitable. And so we have to account for how much taxes owed on that. It's just  kind of sucks. And so it's good to see some of that has loosened up just for the sake of encouraging  real development. We got about 10 minutes left. So let's bang through these. What does Bitcoin  your Bitcoin over here in this pot and say that it's a treasury? Kind of like we do at the  golden Fort Knox. It's a legit. It is unaudited. In fact, weren't we promised a Fort Knox at it?  Is that ever going to happen? I bet they wrapped all the gold in the Epstein client lists. So  we never have to see either one of them, right? I don't know. Unfortunately, I think a Bitcoin  treasury is a bunch of nonsense. Like Bitcoin was designed to allow every person to hold their own  coins and use them in real life. And so to say that we need the federal government of all things to  be a treasury custodian is like just, you know, gag me with a spoon kind of nonsense. And then  we're seeing all these treasury companies. Most of them by David Bailey from Bitcoin magazine,  by the way, seems to be on the board of like 90% of them. They're saying, hey, just buy our stock.  Here's why they're doing it. People like to gamble gamblers want to buy stuff that is going to  outperform other stuff they could buy. BTC would need to come up with like 15 trillion more dollars  to do another 10x move from where it is today. And instead, they are able to just simply buy stock  in some company because it's a leverage play on BTC. And then, you know, hope it goes to the moon.  And if the economy looks the way that it's going to look, it's probably going to keep going on for  a little while. And then when interest rates change and other stuff changes, everyone's going  to get wrecked. And they're going to blame a bunch of people. A couple of guys are going to go to  prison for it in 10 years. We're all going to say, how did those happen? Cypher solutions. I heard  Trump is starting a mining business with his, yeah, I think the very technically, I believe it is  Eric Trump's mining business. And if I recall, they're teaming up with hot eight that might be wrong,  maybe clean spark, maybe it was it's one of the publicly traded companies that that does  Chateau to be seks ashing in the US. But yeah, there is something something like that going on  the details have been a little murky. So that's where we're at. Next one, please.  Do you think the Senate will squeeze the CBDC through? It kind of looks like they want to.  I think there were only two votes. No, they were up all night debating this bill. In fact, I saw that  it was the longest discussion and debate session of any bill that ever happened. And it's about  this CBDC. So here's a thing that the US federal government that the most important thing that  keeps Americans safe under the umbrella of the most vicious military empire in the history of the  world is the fact that the US government has the ability to inflate the currency and pay for,  hey, we've got to bond these guys again. Cool. Here's a trillion bucks. That's  really powerful tool when your goal is to scare the living daylights out of every other country  to make sure that your people who work on your plantation continue paying taxes and  saying, USA, AOK. And so this whole Bitcoin experiment has been a huge threat to that being  their permanent solution to controlling the universe. And so the compromise is, is, OK, well, here,  we'll make you really rich by doing nothing. Don't use that Bitcoin too much. And then we're going to  learn these lessons with blockchain technology. We're going to issue a CBDC because isn't it great?  It's low cost and low friction and all this other stuff. But also, by the way, the cash that used  to be in your pocket that we didn't necessarily know about. Now it's in digital. And I can just say,  cancel you and you don't have any money. So yeah, I think they really want that power. I think we  have essentially an authoritarian state just soft, just an authoritarian state that wants to  remind you to celebrate the holidays. You need a hot dog, but it is still an authoritarian state  by almost any definition you come up with and they want to control your money. So yeah, I think  they do want to push through a CBDC. It'll probably be pushed through with compromises that will  make you want to gag. And most people won't pay attention because the average American reads  at a sixth grade level and they're really excited about the next season of the bachelor. So  why is BSV on or on only a very few exchange, but you can buy a dogecoin anywhere  for the same reason. BSV is the single most disruptive tool in the history of all finance.  It is disruptive to payments. It is disruptive to big tech and big data. It is disrupted to  big banking credit, finance and insurance and underwriting and public audit of all things. So it  is a threat to all of the lobbies of CPAs and all kinds of other stuff. It is disruptive to  tens maybe hundreds of trillions of dollars in global value. Dogecoin is a funny meme coin  on the internet that makes weird gamblers on the internet extra money every couple of years  when it pumps again. So I think that's our big challenge. We threaten too many powerful people  at the same time and our coalition is relatively small. Doesn't mean we can't win, but it means  we need to acknowledge the fact that we have the most powerful group of enemies in the history  of the world and therefore we are going to get oppressed from every single angle. We're going to  get oppressed by all of the blockchain industry that sees us as a dangerous competitor and we're  going to get oppressed by the mainstream economy that sees us as a competitor. And so yeah, that's  why. Like anybody who can and who understands the power of BSV, they are going to do everything  they can to jam us down with the biggest thumb they can find. Next question please.  A few minutes left. Michael, a little long if necessary. Who do you think brought the 80,000  I have no idea that that whole situation is really weird that Salomon Brothers thing.  I thought was like a scam and it turns out the Salomon Brothers have come back in business after  being gone for a decade and they are doing some that sounds quite a bit like the token recovery  stuff that was talked about quite a bit in BSV a couple of years ago, essentially saying hey,  if these coins are abandoned, somebody can make a claim on them. If it's a public claim then they  have a certain amount of time to argue and if nobody argues, then that company can legally claim  them and try to turn them into their property by all kinds of legal methods and we'll see how it  goes. So I don't know, but that whole thing very, very fishy for a lot of reasons. Let's keep  did I say it wrong? Rare Pepe Club. Alex always corrects me. He is a Latin American man and I am  from the Midwest, so everything is peppy to me and it is Pepe because that's the right way to say it,  but so it's a card basically collector card version of the greatest meme in the history of maybe  the internet and blockchain, but I don't know the website off the top of my head, but I did buy a few  rare packs from our friend Crums, who's one of the loyal folks of the space. Big fan, I really like  Crums a whole lot and the art is beautiful, like the stuff is awesome. Is Shattel Avish a real  Bitcoin? No comment, not saying anything about it. Never heard of it. Next one, we got a few,  let's wrap and fire these and then we'll give away some cards and you know, what do you think  about Bitcoin, OS and Cardano teaming up? Typical. I mean, Hoskinson is one of the biggest scammers  in the history of the world. I've seen it said that dumb people think that Charles Hoskinson  is what smart people sound like. The Bitcoin OS people, I mean, it's a novel idea if you presume  all the presumptions of BTC small blocker theory. It's just one more nonsense pile of things that  just shouldn't be necessary at all. All of it should be done on one network, all on L1 and be  awesome. Why not? How is BSV disruptive to insurance? The ability to lock value in a smart contract that  has if this then that logic related to it, your car should be a token. Everything about that car  should be a token. Every time you do a thing to that car, your token should be updated so that  the fundamental value of your car can be assessed at any time ever and then the contract can stipulate  who is the lean owner, who owns the title, where are these things? All of those can also be related  and interrelated tokens and if a thing happens, you can pay into an escrow that is related to your  contract instead of paying the insurance company to do what it does. You can cut out the insurance  industry entirely and you can have directly with your bank and say, okay, let's lock all this up  in these various smart contracts. Cut out the middle man. It'll make it cheaper for everybody.  I don't want to go into more detail than that. Let's keep going. I want to bang out a couple more  here. Preach. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. Let's take two seconds here. Will Gorilla Pool semi-virgin BSV?  Maybe we really don't want to. We're trying to stack those as part of our company treasury,  which is our little nest egg. It's our little stack of bananas.  But maybe, I don't know, maybe if we get in a pinch, but I really, really want to hold on to those  if we can. Okay. Let's take the comment of the day and we are going to take my 30-second breather.  We'll have some closing comments and we will wrap this show up.  Hey, hey, all right, Cypher Solutions. Please reach out to Real Coin Deak on X to claim your  cards from otherworldly TCG, the coolest company in the universe. Yeah. So do that.  Everybody? Yeah. I'm Kurt Wilkert Jr. I see some of these questions and comments and  these other things. A couple of people ask me, jujitsu content. I am actually working on some  jujitsu content. Not a channel. I do not want a BJJ channel, but I want to do a little more like  general, like here's Kurt's idea about Thing XY or Z. BJJ is one of my, actually posted one to my  Instagram yesterday. Yeah, it was last night. Super funny because it was like a really lame  move that I thought, but that was the point. So anyways, I want to do more content on more things.  Because I like a lot of stuff, but my audience, my audience demands specificity, excuse me,  specificity and focus. And so I try to, try to give you those things. So anyways, I'm Kurt  Wilkert Jr. This has been The Coin Geek Weekly Live Show. I really genuinely appreciate the  questions. These shows are actually my favorite. Aside from the fact that I get pretty horse  by the end of them, I like to do the question. Thank you, Mark. I appreciate it. It's super  effective. It just looks like what is it that easy? But check me out on Instagram. You can see  at Kurt Wilkert Jr. You can see the fancy, what was it? The fancy, fancy finishes on Murder Monday,  is what I branded it. But yeah. So anyways, again, I appreciate you, the audience who got to be my  guest today. You made this show, you get at least 50% of the credit for everything that you loved  about this show because you asked the questions. Otherwise, I'd just be talking about whatever I want  to talk about. So hey, thank you, Brett. No, I really appreciate that too. I did put out that  message the other day because I meant it. I was up late working and really just being grateful for  the work that I get to do. It's an honor. Everybody, thank you. Again, thank you to Coin Geek,  thank you to our sponsors, Rockwell at other Worldly TCG. Everybody that makes this happen. And  remember, be good to each other because if we can't do that, then the rest of it is worthless.  Anyways, Kurt Wilkert Jr. out. See you next week.